Dialog Parameters: 
{
  "simulation_epoch_size": 100, 
  "slot_err_mode": 0, 
  "diaact_nl_pairs": "./deep_dialog/data/dia_act_nl_pairs.v6.json", 
  "save_check_point": 10, 
  "episodes": 500, 
  "predict_mode": false, 
  "cmd_input_mode": 0, 
  "goal_file_path": "./deep_dialog/data/user_goals_first_turn_template.part.movie.v1.p", 
  "max_turn": 40, 
  "final_checkpoint_path": "./deep_dialog/checkpoints/boltz_dropout/agt_11_239_430_0.93000.p", 
  "experience_replay_pool_size": 1000, 
  "write_model_dir": "./deep_dialog/checkpoints/boltz_dropout/", 
  "usr": 1, 
  "auto_suggest": 0, 
  "run_mode": 3, 
  "trained_model_path": null, 
  "test_mode": true, 
  "success_rate_threshold": 0.3, 
  "nlu_model_path": "./deep_dialog/models/nlu/lstm_[1468447442.91]_39_80_0.921.p", 
  "epsilon": 0, 
  "target_sample_type": "map", 
  "batch_size": 16, 
  "learning_phase": "all", 
  "nlg_model_path": "./deep_dialog/models/nlg/lstm_tanh_relu_[1468202263.38]_2_0.610.p", 
  "act_set": "./deep_dialog/data/dia_acts.txt", 
  "movie_kb_path": "./deep_dialog/data/movie_kb.1k.p", 
  "lrate": 0.0005, 
  "slot_err_prob": 0.0, 
  "warm_start": 2, 
  "warm_start_epochs": 0, 
  "dict_path": "./deep_dialog/data/dicts.v3.p", 
  "intent_err_prob": 0.0, 
  "slot_set": "./deep_dialog/data/slot_set.txt", 
  "act_level": 1, 
  "dqn_hidden_size": 80, 
  "agt": 11, 
  "split_fold": 5, 
  "gamma": 0.9
}
loaded the checkpoint ./deep_dialog/checkpoints/boltz_dropout/agt_11_239_430_0.93000.p
simulation episode 0: Fail
simulation episode 1: Success
simulation episode 2: Success
simulation episode 3: Fail
simulation episode 4: Fail
simulation episode 5: Success
simulation episode 6: Fail
simulation episode 7: Fail
simulation episode 8: Fail
simulation episode 9: Success
simulation episode 10: Fail
simulation episode 11: Fail
simulation episode 12: Success
simulation episode 13: Fail
simulation episode 14: Fail
simulation episode 15: Fail
simulation episode 16: Fail
simulation episode 17: Fail
simulation episode 18: Success
simulation episode 19: Fail
simulation episode 20: Success
simulation episode 21: Fail
simulation episode 22: Fail
simulation episode 23: Fail
simulation episode 24: Success
simulation episode 25: Fail
simulation episode 26: Success
simulation episode 27: Fail
simulation episode 28: Success
simulation episode 29: Fail
simulation episode 30: Success
simulation episode 31: Success
simulation episode 32: Fail
simulation episode 33: Fail
simulation episode 34: Fail
simulation episode 35: Fail
simulation episode 36: Success
simulation episode 37: Success
simulation episode 38: Success
simulation episode 39: Success
simulation episode 40: Fail
simulation episode 41: Fail
simulation episode 42: Fail
simulation episode 43: Fail
simulation episode 44: Success
simulation episode 45: Fail
simulation episode 46: Fail
simulation episode 47: Fail
simulation episode 48: Success
simulation episode 49: Fail
simulation episode 50: Success
simulation episode 51: Success
simulation episode 52: Success
simulation episode 53: Fail
simulation episode 54: Success
simulation episode 55: Success
simulation episode 56: Success
simulation episode 57: Success
simulation episode 58: Fail
simulation episode 59: Fail
simulation episode 60: Fail
simulation episode 61: Success
simulation episode 62: Success
simulation episode 63: Success
simulation episode 64: Fail
simulation episode 65: Fail
simulation episode 66: Fail
simulation episode 67: Success
simulation episode 68: Success
simulation episode 69: Fail
simulation episode 70: Success
simulation episode 71: Success
simulation episode 72: Success
simulation episode 73: Fail
simulation episode 74: Success
simulation episode 75: Fail
simulation episode 76: Fail
simulation episode 77: Fail
simulation episode 78: Fail
simulation episode 79: Success
simulation episode 80: Fail
simulation episode 81: Fail
simulation episode 82: Success
simulation episode 83: Success
simulation episode 84: Fail
simulation episode 85: Success
simulation episode 86: Fail
simulation episode 87: Fail
simulation episode 88: Success
simulation episode 89: Fail
simulation episode 90: Fail
simulation episode 91: Success
simulation episode 92: Success
simulation episode 93: Success
simulation episode 94: Fail
simulation episode 95: Fail
simulation episode 96: Fail
simulation episode 97: Fail
simulation episode 98: Success
simulation episode 99: Success
simulation episode 100: Success
simulation episode 101: Fail
simulation episode 102: Fail
simulation episode 103: Success
simulation episode 104: Success
simulation episode 105: Fail
simulation episode 106: Success
simulation episode 107: Success
simulation episode 108: Success
simulation episode 109: Fail
simulation episode 110: Success
simulation episode 111: Fail
simulation episode 112: Fail
simulation episode 113: Fail
simulation episode 114: Success
simulation episode 115: Success
simulation episode 116: Success
simulation episode 117: Success
simulation episode 118: Fail
simulation episode 119: Fail
simulation episode 120: Fail
simulation episode 121: Success
simulation episode 122: Fail
simulation episode 123: Success
simulation episode 124: Fail
simulation episode 125: Success
simulation episode 126: Success
simulation episode 127: Fail
simulation episode 128: Success
simulation episode 129: Fail
simulation episode 130: Fail
simulation episode 131: Fail
simulation episode 132: Fail
simulation episode 133: Fail
simulation episode 134: Success
simulation episode 135: Success
simulation episode 136: Fail
simulation episode 137: Fail
simulation episode 138: Fail
simulation episode 139: Success
simulation episode 140: Fail
simulation episode 141: Fail
simulation episode 142: Fail
simulation episode 143: Success
simulation episode 144: Success
simulation episode 145: Fail
simulation episode 146: Fail
simulation episode 147: Success
simulation episode 148: Success
simulation episode 149: Fail
simulation episode 150: Fail
simulation episode 151: Fail
simulation episode 152: Success
simulation episode 153: Fail
simulation episode 154: Success
simulation episode 155: Fail
simulation episode 156: Fail
simulation episode 157: Fail
simulation episode 158: Fail
simulation episode 159: Fail
simulation episode 160: Fail
simulation episode 161: Success
simulation episode 162: Success
simulation episode 163: Success
simulation episode 164: Success
simulation episode 165: Fail
simulation episode 166: Fail
simulation episode 167: Fail
simulation episode 168: Success
simulation episode 169: Fail
simulation episode 170: Fail
simulation episode 171: Fail
simulation episode 172: Success
simulation episode 173: Fail
simulation episode 174: Fail
simulation episode 175: Fail
simulation episode 176: Fail
simulation episode 177: Fail
simulation episode 178: Fail
simulation episode 179: Fail
simulation episode 180: Fail
simulation episode 181: Fail
simulation episode 182: Success
simulation episode 183: Fail
simulation episode 184: Fail
simulation episode 185: Success
simulation episode 186: Fail
simulation episode 187: Success
simulation episode 188: Success
simulation episode 189: Success
simulation episode 190: Success
simulation episode 191: Success
simulation episode 192: Fail
simulation episode 193: Fail
simulation episode 194: Success
simulation episode 195: Fail
simulation episode 196: Fail
simulation episode 197: Success
simulation episode 198: Fail
simulation episode 199: Fail
simulation episode 200: Fail
simulation episode 201: Fail
simulation episode 202: Success
simulation episode 203: Fail
simulation episode 204: Fail
simulation episode 205: Fail
simulation episode 206: Fail
simulation episode 207: Fail
simulation episode 208: Success
simulation episode 209: Success
simulation episode 210: Fail
simulation episode 211: Fail
simulation episode 212: Success
simulation episode 213: Fail
simulation episode 214: Fail
simulation episode 215: Success
simulation episode 216: Fail
simulation episode 217: Fail
simulation episode 218: Success
simulation episode 219: Success
simulation episode 220: Fail
simulation episode 221: Success
simulation episode 222: Success
simulation episode 223: Success
simulation episode 224: Fail
simulation episode 225: Fail
simulation episode 226: Fail
simulation episode 227: Success
simulation episode 228: Fail
simulation episode 229: Success
simulation episode 230: Fail
simulation episode 231: Fail
simulation episode 232: Fail
simulation episode 233: Success
simulation episode 234: Fail
simulation episode 235: Fail
simulation episode 236: Fail
simulation episode 237: Fail
simulation episode 238: Fail
simulation episode 239: Success
simulation episode 240: Fail
simulation episode 241: Success
simulation episode 242: Fail
simulation episode 243: Success
simulation episode 244: Success
simulation episode 245: Fail
simulation episode 246: Fail
simulation episode 247: Fail
simulation episode 248: Fail
simulation episode 249: Fail
simulation episode 250: Fail
simulation episode 251: Fail
simulation episode 252: Fail
simulation episode 253: Success
simulation episode 254: Fail
simulation episode 255: Fail
simulation episode 256: Fail
simulation episode 257: Fail
simulation episode 258: Success
simulation episode 259: Fail
simulation episode 260: Success
simulation episode 261: Fail
simulation episode 262: Fail
simulation episode 263: Fail
simulation episode 264: Fail
simulation episode 265: Fail
simulation episode 266: Fail
simulation episode 267: Fail
simulation episode 268: Success
simulation episode 269: Fail
simulation episode 270: Fail
simulation episode 271: Success
simulation episode 272: Fail
simulation episode 273: Fail
simulation episode 274: Fail
simulation episode 275: Fail
simulation episode 276: Fail
simulation episode 277: Success
simulation episode 278: Fail
simulation episode 279: Fail
simulation episode 280: Fail
simulation episode 281: Fail
simulation episode 282: Fail
simulation episode 283: Success
simulation episode 284: Success
simulation episode 285: Fail
simulation episode 286: Fail
simulation episode 287: Success
simulation episode 288: Success
simulation episode 289: Fail
simulation episode 290: Fail
simulation episode 291: Success
simulation episode 292: Fail
simulation episode 293: Fail
simulation episode 294: Fail
simulation episode 295: Fail
simulation episode 296: Success
simulation episode 297: Success
simulation episode 298: Success
simulation episode 299: Fail
simulation episode 300: Fail
simulation episode 301: Success
simulation episode 302: Success
simulation episode 303: Fail
simulation episode 304: Fail
simulation episode 305: Fail
simulation episode 306: Fail
simulation episode 307: Fail
simulation episode 308: Success
simulation episode 309: Fail
simulation episode 310: Success
simulation episode 311: Fail
simulation episode 312: Fail
simulation episode 313: Fail
simulation episode 314: Fail
simulation episode 315: Fail
simulation episode 316: Success
simulation episode 317: Success
simulation episode 318: Fail
simulation episode 319: Success
simulation episode 320: Success
simulation episode 321: Success
simulation episode 322: Success
simulation episode 323: Success
simulation episode 324: Fail
simulation episode 325: Fail
simulation episode 326: Fail
simulation episode 327: Fail
simulation episode 328: Success
simulation episode 329: Success
simulation episode 330: Fail
simulation episode 331: Fail
simulation episode 332: Success
simulation episode 333: Fail
simulation episode 334: Fail
simulation episode 335: Success
simulation episode 336: Fail
simulation episode 337: Fail
simulation episode 338: Fail
simulation episode 339: Fail
simulation episode 340: Fail
simulation episode 341: Success
simulation episode 342: Success
simulation episode 343: Fail
simulation episode 344: Fail
simulation episode 345: Fail
simulation episode 346: Success
simulation episode 347: Fail
simulation episode 348: Fail
simulation episode 349: Fail
simulation episode 350: Fail
simulation episode 351: Success
simulation episode 352: Fail
simulation episode 353: Fail
simulation episode 354: Fail
simulation episode 355: Fail
simulation episode 356: Fail
simulation episode 357: Success
simulation episode 358: Fail
simulation episode 359: Fail
simulation episode 360: Fail
simulation episode 361: Success
simulation episode 362: Fail
simulation episode 363: Fail
simulation episode 364: Success
simulation episode 365: Fail
simulation episode 366: Success
simulation episode 367: Success
simulation episode 368: Fail
simulation episode 369: Fail
simulation episode 370: Fail
simulation episode 371: Fail
simulation episode 372: Fail
simulation episode 373: Fail
simulation episode 374: Success
simulation episode 375: Success
simulation episode 376: Fail
simulation episode 377: Fail
simulation episode 378: Success
simulation episode 379: Fail
simulation episode 380: Success
simulation episode 381: Success
simulation episode 382: Fail
simulation episode 383: Fail
simulation episode 384: Fail
simulation episode 385: Fail
simulation episode 386: Fail
simulation episode 387: Fail
simulation episode 388: Fail
simulation episode 389: Success
simulation episode 390: Success
simulation episode 391: Success
simulation episode 392: Fail
simulation episode 393: Fail
simulation episode 394: Success
simulation episode 395: Fail
simulation episode 396: Fail
simulation episode 397: Fail
simulation episode 398: Fail
simulation episode 399: Success
simulation episode 400: Success
simulation episode 401: Fail
simulation episode 402: Success
simulation episode 403: Fail
simulation episode 404: Success
simulation episode 405: Success
simulation episode 406: Fail
simulation episode 407: Fail
simulation episode 408: Fail
simulation episode 409: Success
simulation episode 410: Fail
simulation episode 411: Fail
simulation episode 412: Success
simulation episode 413: Fail
simulation episode 414: Fail
simulation episode 415: Success
simulation episode 416: Fail
simulation episode 417: Success
simulation episode 418: Fail
simulation episode 419: Fail
simulation episode 420: Fail
simulation episode 421: Fail
simulation episode 422: Fail
simulation episode 423: Success
simulation episode 424: Fail
simulation episode 425: Fail
simulation episode 426: Fail
simulation episode 427: Fail
simulation episode 428: Fail
simulation episode 429: Fail
simulation episode 430: Fail
simulation episode 431: Fail
simulation episode 432: Success
simulation episode 433: Fail
simulation episode 434: Fail
simulation episode 435: Fail
simulation episode 436: Fail
simulation episode 437: Fail
simulation episode 438: Fail
simulation episode 439: Fail
simulation episode 440: Success
simulation episode 441: Fail
simulation episode 442: Success
simulation episode 443: Success
simulation episode 444: Success
simulation episode 445: Fail
simulation episode 446: Fail
simulation episode 447: Fail
simulation episode 448: Fail
simulation episode 449: Fail
simulation episode 450: Fail
simulation episode 451: Fail
simulation episode 452: Fail
simulation episode 453: Fail
simulation episode 454: Fail
simulation episode 455: Fail
simulation episode 456: Success
simulation episode 457: Success
simulation episode 458: Fail
simulation episode 459: Fail
simulation episode 460: Fail
simulation episode 461: Fail
simulation episode 462: Success
simulation episode 463: Fail
simulation episode 464: Fail
simulation episode 465: Fail
simulation episode 466: Success
simulation episode 467: Fail
simulation episode 468: Fail
simulation episode 469: Fail
simulation episode 470: Fail
simulation episode 471: Fail
simulation episode 472: Fail
simulation episode 473: Success
simulation episode 474: Fail
simulation episode 475: Fail
simulation episode 476: Success
simulation episode 477: Fail
simulation episode 478: Success
simulation episode 479: Success
simulation episode 480: Success
simulation episode 481: Fail
simulation episode 482: Fail
simulation episode 483: Fail
simulation episode 484: Fail
simulation episode 485: Success
simulation episode 486: Fail
simulation episode 487: Fail
simulation episode 488: Fail
simulation episode 489: Fail
simulation episode 490: Success
simulation episode 491: Fail
simulation episode 492: Success
simulation episode 493: Fail
simulation episode 494: Fail
simulation episode 495: Fail
simulation episode 496: Fail
simulation episode 497: Fail
simulation episode 498: Success
simulation episode 499: Fail
simulation episode 500: Success
simulation episode 501: Fail
simulation episode 502: Fail
simulation episode 503: Success
simulation episode 504: Fail
simulation episode 505: Fail
simulation episode 506: Fail
simulation episode 507: Success
simulation episode 508: Fail
simulation episode 509: Fail
simulation episode 510: Fail
simulation episode 511: Fail
simulation episode 512: Fail
simulation episode 513: Success
simulation episode 514: Success
simulation episode 515: Fail
simulation episode 516: Success
simulation episode 517: Fail
simulation episode 518: Fail
simulation episode 519: Success
simulation episode 520: Fail
simulation episode 521: Fail
simulation episode 522: Fail
simulation episode 523: Fail
simulation episode 524: Fail
simulation episode 525: Fail
simulation episode 526: Success
simulation episode 527: Fail
simulation episode 528: Fail
simulation episode 529: Fail
simulation episode 530: Fail
simulation episode 531: Fail
simulation episode 532: Fail
simulation episode 533: Fail
simulation episode 534: Success
simulation episode 535: Fail
simulation episode 536: Fail
simulation episode 537: Success
simulation episode 538: Fail
simulation episode 539: Fail
simulation episode 540: Success
simulation episode 541: Fail
simulation episode 542: Fail
simulation episode 543: Fail
simulation episode 544: Fail
simulation episode 545: Success
simulation episode 546: Fail
simulation episode 547: Fail
simulation episode 548: Fail
simulation episode 549: Fail
simulation episode 550: Fail
simulation episode 551: Success
simulation episode 552: Fail
simulation episode 553: Success
simulation episode 554: Fail
simulation episode 555: Fail
simulation episode 556: Fail
simulation episode 557: Fail
simulation episode 558: Fail
simulation episode 559: Fail
simulation episode 560: Fail
simulation episode 561: Fail
simulation episode 562: Success
simulation episode 563: Fail
simulation episode 564: Fail
simulation episode 565: Fail
simulation episode 566: Fail
simulation episode 567: Fail
simulation episode 568: Fail
simulation episode 569: Success
simulation episode 570: Fail
simulation episode 571: Fail
simulation episode 572: Success
simulation episode 573: Fail
simulation episode 574: Success
simulation episode 575: Success
simulation episode 576: Fail
simulation episode 577: Fail
simulation episode 578: Fail
simulation episode 579: Fail
simulation episode 580: Fail
simulation episode 581: Fail
simulation episode 582: Fail
simulation episode 583: Fail
simulation episode 584: Success
simulation episode 585: Fail
simulation episode 586: Success
simulation episode 587: Success
simulation episode 588: Success
simulation episode 589: Success
simulation episode 590: Success
simulation episode 591: Fail
simulation episode 592: Success
simulation episode 593: Success
simulation episode 594: Fail
simulation episode 595: Success
simulation episode 596: Success
simulation episode 597: Success
simulation episode 598: Success
simulation episode 599: Fail
simulation episode 600: Fail
simulation episode 601: Fail
simulation episode 602: Fail
simulation episode 603: Success
simulation episode 604: Success
simulation episode 605: Fail
simulation episode 606: Success
simulation episode 607: Success
simulation episode 608: Fail
simulation episode 609: Fail
simulation episode 610: Fail
simulation episode 611: Fail
simulation episode 612: Fail
simulation episode 613: Fail
simulation episode 614: Fail
simulation episode 615: Success
simulation episode 616: Fail
simulation episode 617: Fail
simulation episode 618: Fail
simulation episode 619: Success
simulation episode 620: Success
simulation episode 621: Success
simulation episode 622: Success
simulation episode 623: Success
simulation episode 624: Fail
simulation episode 625: Fail
simulation episode 626: Fail
simulation episode 627: Fail
simulation episode 628: Fail
simulation episode 629: Fail
simulation episode 630: Fail
simulation episode 631: Success
simulation episode 632: Fail
simulation episode 633: Fail
simulation episode 634: Fail
simulation episode 635: Fail
simulation episode 636: Fail
simulation episode 637: Fail
simulation episode 638: Fail
simulation episode 639: Fail
simulation episode 640: Success
simulation episode 641: Success
simulation episode 642: Success
simulation episode 643: Fail
simulation episode 644: Success
simulation episode 645: Fail
simulation episode 646: Success
simulation episode 647: Fail
simulation episode 648: Fail
simulation episode 649: Fail
simulation episode 650: Fail
simulation episode 651: Fail
simulation episode 652: Fail
simulation episode 653: Fail
simulation episode 654: Fail
simulation episode 655: Fail
simulation episode 656: Fail
simulation episode 657: Fail
simulation episode 658: Fail
simulation episode 659: Fail
simulation episode 660: Success
simulation episode 661: Success
simulation episode 662: Success
simulation episode 663: Fail
simulation episode 664: Fail
simulation episode 665: Fail
simulation episode 666: Fail
simulation episode 667: Success
simulation episode 668: Success
simulation episode 669: Fail
simulation episode 670: Success
simulation episode 671: Fail
simulation episode 672: Success
simulation episode 673: Fail
simulation episode 674: Fail
simulation episode 675: Fail
simulation episode 676: Success
simulation episode 677: Fail
simulation episode 678: Success
simulation episode 679: Fail
simulation episode 680: Fail
simulation episode 681: Success
simulation episode 682: Fail
simulation episode 683: Success
simulation episode 684: Success
simulation episode 685: Success
simulation episode 686: Fail
simulation episode 687: Fail
simulation episode 688: Fail
simulation episode 689: Success
simulation episode 690: Fail
simulation episode 691: Fail
simulation episode 692: Fail
simulation episode 693: Success
simulation episode 694: Fail
simulation episode 695: Success
simulation episode 696: Success
simulation episode 697: Success
simulation episode 698: Fail
simulation episode 699: Fail
simulation episode 700: Success
simulation episode 701: Fail
simulation episode 702: Fail
simulation episode 703: Success
simulation episode 704: Fail
simulation episode 705: Fail
simulation episode 706: Fail
simulation episode 707: Fail
simulation episode 708: Fail
simulation episode 709: Success
simulation episode 710: Success
simulation episode 711: Fail
simulation episode 712: Success
simulation episode 713: Success
simulation episode 714: Success
simulation episode 715: Success
simulation episode 716: Fail
simulation episode 717: Fail
simulation episode 718: Fail
simulation episode 719: Success
simulation episode 720: Success
simulation episode 721: Fail
simulation episode 722: Fail
simulation episode 723: Fail
simulation episode 724: Fail
simulation episode 725: Fail
simulation episode 726: Fail
simulation episode 727: Fail
simulation episode 728: Fail
simulation episode 729: Fail
simulation episode 730: Fail
simulation episode 731: Success
simulation episode 732: Fail
simulation episode 733: Fail
simulation episode 734: Fail
simulation episode 735: Success
simulation episode 736: Fail
simulation episode 737: Fail
simulation episode 738: Fail
simulation episode 739: Fail
simulation episode 740: Fail
simulation episode 741: Success
simulation episode 742: Fail
simulation episode 743: Success
simulation episode 744: Success
simulation episode 745: Fail
simulation episode 746: Success
simulation episode 747: Fail
simulation episode 748: Fail
simulation episode 749: Fail
simulation episode 750: Success
simulation episode 751: Fail
simulation episode 752: Fail
simulation episode 753: Success
simulation episode 754: Success
simulation episode 755: Success
simulation episode 756: Success
simulation episode 757: Fail
simulation episode 758: Fail
simulation episode 759: Fail
simulation episode 760: Fail
simulation episode 761: Fail
simulation episode 762: Fail
simulation episode 763: Fail
simulation episode 764: Fail
simulation episode 765: Success
simulation episode 766: Fail
simulation episode 767: Fail
simulation episode 768: Success
simulation episode 769: Success
simulation episode 770: Fail
simulation episode 771: Success
simulation episode 772: Fail
simulation episode 773: Fail
simulation episode 774: Fail
simulation episode 775: Success
simulation episode 776: Fail
simulation episode 777: Success
simulation episode 778: Success
simulation episode 779: Fail
simulation episode 780: Fail
simulation episode 781: Fail
simulation episode 782: Success
simulation episode 783: Fail
simulation episode 784: Fail
simulation episode 785: Fail
simulation episode 786: Success
simulation episode 787: Success
simulation episode 788: Success
simulation episode 789: Success
simulation episode 790: Fail
simulation episode 791: Fail
simulation episode 792: Success
simulation episode 793: Fail
simulation episode 794: Fail
simulation episode 795: Success
simulation episode 796: Fail
simulation episode 797: Fail
simulation episode 798: Fail
simulation episode 799: Fail
simulation episode 800: Fail
simulation episode 801: Fail
simulation episode 802: Fail
simulation episode 803: Success
simulation episode 804: Success
simulation episode 805: Fail
simulation episode 806: Fail
simulation episode 807: Success
simulation episode 808: Fail
simulation episode 809: Fail
simulation episode 810: Success
simulation episode 811: Success
simulation episode 812: Success
simulation episode 813: Fail
simulation episode 814: Fail
simulation episode 815: Success
simulation episode 816: Success
simulation episode 817: Fail
simulation episode 818: Fail
simulation episode 819: Success
simulation episode 820: Fail
simulation episode 821: Fail
simulation episode 822: Fail
simulation episode 823: Success
simulation episode 824: Fail
simulation episode 825: Fail
simulation episode 826: Success
simulation episode 827: Success
simulation episode 828: Fail
simulation episode 829: Fail
simulation episode 830: Success
simulation episode 831: Success
simulation episode 832: Fail
simulation episode 833: Success
simulation episode 834: Fail
simulation episode 835: Fail
simulation episode 836: Fail
simulation episode 837: Fail
simulation episode 838: Fail
simulation episode 839: Success
simulation episode 840: Fail
simulation episode 841: Success
simulation episode 842: Success
simulation episode 843: Fail
simulation episode 844: Fail
simulation episode 845: Fail
simulation episode 846: Fail
simulation episode 847: Success
simulation episode 848: Fail
simulation episode 849: Fail
simulation episode 850: Fail
simulation episode 851: Success
simulation episode 852: Success
simulation episode 853: Fail
simulation episode 854: Fail
simulation episode 855: Success
simulation episode 856: Fail
simulation episode 857: Success
simulation episode 858: Success
simulation episode 859: Success
simulation episode 860: Fail
simulation episode 861: Success
simulation episode 862: Fail
simulation episode 863: Fail
simulation episode 864: Fail
simulation episode 865: Success
simulation episode 866: Fail
simulation episode 867: Fail
simulation episode 868: Fail
simulation episode 869: Fail
simulation episode 870: Fail
simulation episode 871: Fail
simulation episode 872: Fail
simulation episode 873: Fail
simulation episode 874: Success
simulation episode 875: Fail
simulation episode 876: Success
simulation episode 877: Fail
simulation episode 878: Fail
simulation episode 879: Fail
simulation episode 880: Success
simulation episode 881: Fail
simulation episode 882: Success
simulation episode 883: Fail
simulation episode 884: Fail
simulation episode 885: Fail
simulation episode 886: Fail
simulation episode 887: Success
simulation episode 888: Fail
simulation episode 889: Success
simulation episode 890: Success
simulation episode 891: Success
simulation episode 892: Success
simulation episode 893: Fail
simulation episode 894: Fail
simulation episode 895: Fail
simulation episode 896: Fail
simulation episode 897: Fail
simulation episode 898: Fail
simulation episode 899: Fail
simulation episode 900: Fail
simulation episode 901: Success
simulation episode 902: Fail
simulation episode 903: Fail
simulation episode 904: Success
simulation episode 905: Fail
simulation episode 906: Fail
simulation episode 907: Fail
simulation episode 908: Success
simulation episode 909: Success
simulation episode 910: Fail
simulation episode 911: Fail
simulation episode 912: Success
simulation episode 913: Fail
simulation episode 914: Fail
simulation episode 915: Success
simulation episode 916: Fail
simulation episode 917: Fail
simulation episode 918: Success
simulation episode 919: Fail
simulation episode 920: Fail
simulation episode 921: Fail
simulation episode 922: Success
simulation episode 923: Fail
simulation episode 924: Fail
simulation episode 925: Success
simulation episode 926: Fail
simulation episode 927: Fail
simulation episode 928: Success
simulation episode 929: Fail
simulation episode 930: Fail
simulation episode 931: Fail
simulation episode 932: Fail
simulation episode 933: Success
simulation episode 934: Fail
simulation episode 935: Success
simulation episode 936: Success
simulation episode 937: Success
simulation episode 938: Fail
simulation episode 939: Fail
simulation episode 940: Fail
simulation episode 941: Fail
simulation episode 942: Fail
simulation episode 943: Success
simulation episode 944: Fail
simulation episode 945: Fail
simulation episode 946: Fail
simulation episode 947: Fail
simulation episode 948: Fail
simulation episode 949: Fail
simulation episode 950: Success
simulation episode 951: Fail
simulation episode 952: Fail
simulation episode 953: Fail
simulation episode 954: Fail
simulation episode 955: Fail
simulation episode 956: Success
simulation episode 957: Fail
simulation episode 958: Fail
simulation episode 959: Success
simulation episode 960: Success
simulation episode 961: Success
simulation episode 962: Fail
simulation episode 963: Fail
simulation episode 964: Fail
simulation episode 965: Success
simulation episode 966: Success
simulation episode 967: Success
simulation episode 968: Fail
simulation episode 969: Fail
simulation episode 970: Fail
simulation episode 971: Fail
simulation episode 972: Fail
simulation episode 973: Success
simulation episode 974: Fail
simulation episode 975: Fail
simulation episode 976: Fail
simulation episode 977: Success
simulation episode 978: Fail
simulation episode 979: Success
simulation episode 980: Success
simulation episode 981: Success
simulation episode 982: Fail
simulation episode 983: Success
simulation episode 984: Fail
simulation episode 985: Fail
simulation episode 986: Success
simulation episode 987: Fail
simulation episode 988: Fail
simulation episode 989: Fail
simulation episode 990: Fail
simulation episode 991: Fail
simulation episode 992: Success
simulation episode 993: Success
simulation episode 994: Fail
simulation episode 995: Fail
simulation episode 996: Fail
simulation episode 997: Fail
simulation episode 998: Fail
simulation episode 999: Success
simulation episode 1000: Fail
simulation episode 1001: Fail
simulation episode 1002: Fail
simulation episode 1003: Fail
simulation episode 1004: Fail
simulation episode 1005: Fail
simulation episode 1006: Success
simulation episode 1007: Fail
simulation episode 1008: Fail
simulation episode 1009: Success
simulation episode 1010: Success
simulation episode 1011: Fail
simulation episode 1012: Fail
simulation episode 1013: Fail
simulation episode 1014: Fail
simulation episode 1015: Fail
simulation episode 1016: Fail
simulation episode 1017: Success
simulation episode 1018: Fail
simulation episode 1019: Success
simulation episode 1020: Fail
simulation episode 1021: Fail
simulation episode 1022: Fail
simulation episode 1023: Fail
simulation episode 1024: Fail
simulation episode 1025: Fail
simulation episode 1026: Fail
simulation episode 1027: Fail
simulation episode 1028: Fail
simulation episode 1029: Fail
simulation episode 1030: Fail
simulation episode 1031: Success
simulation episode 1032: Fail
simulation episode 1033: Fail
simulation episode 1034: Fail
simulation episode 1035: Fail
simulation episode 1036: Fail
simulation episode 1037: Fail
simulation episode 1038: Fail
simulation episode 1039: Success
simulation episode 1040: Fail
simulation episode 1041: Fail
simulation episode 1042: Success
simulation episode 1043: Fail
simulation episode 1044: Success
simulation episode 1045: Success
simulation episode 1046: Fail
simulation episode 1047: Fail
simulation episode 1048: Success
simulation episode 1049: Fail
simulation episode 1050: Fail
simulation episode 1051: Fail
simulation episode 1052: Fail
simulation episode 1053: Fail
simulation episode 1054: Success
simulation episode 1055: Fail
simulation episode 1056: Fail
simulation episode 1057: Fail
simulation episode 1058: Success
simulation episode 1059: Fail
simulation episode 1060: Fail
simulation episode 1061: Fail
simulation episode 1062: Fail
simulation episode 1063: Fail
simulation episode 1064: Fail
simulation episode 1065: Fail
simulation episode 1066: Success
simulation episode 1067: Success
simulation episode 1068: Success
simulation episode 1069: Success
simulation episode 1070: Fail
simulation episode 1071: Success
simulation episode 1072: Fail
simulation episode 1073: Fail
simulation episode 1074: Success
simulation episode 1075: Success
simulation episode 1076: Success
simulation episode 1077: Fail
simulation episode 1078: Success
simulation episode 1079: Success
simulation episode 1080: Fail
simulation episode 1081: Fail
simulation episode 1082: Success
simulation episode 1083: Success
simulation episode 1084: Fail
simulation episode 1085: Success
simulation episode 1086: Fail
simulation episode 1087: Success
simulation episode 1088: Success
simulation episode 1089: Fail
simulation episode 1090: Fail
simulation episode 1091: Fail
simulation episode 1092: Success
simulation episode 1093: Fail
simulation episode 1094: Fail
simulation episode 1095: Fail
simulation episode 1096: Success
simulation episode 1097: Success
simulation episode 1098: Success
simulation episode 1099: Success
simulation episode 1100: Fail
simulation episode 1101: Success
simulation episode 1102: Fail
simulation episode 1103: Fail
simulation episode 1104: Success
simulation episode 1105: Success
simulation episode 1106: Success
simulation episode 1107: Fail
simulation episode 1108: Fail
simulation episode 1109: Fail
simulation episode 1110: Fail
simulation episode 1111: Fail
simulation episode 1112: Success
simulation episode 1113: Success
simulation episode 1114: Fail
simulation episode 1115: Success
simulation episode 1116: Fail
simulation episode 1117: Success
simulation episode 1118: Fail
simulation episode 1119: Success
simulation episode 1120: Success
simulation episode 1121: Fail
simulation episode 1122: Fail
simulation episode 1123: Success
simulation episode 1124: Success
simulation episode 1125: Fail
simulation episode 1126: Fail
simulation episode 1127: Success
simulation episode 1128: Fail
simulation episode 1129: Fail
simulation episode 1130: Fail
simulation episode 1131: Fail
simulation episode 1132: Fail
simulation episode 1133: Success
simulation episode 1134: Fail
simulation episode 1135: Success
simulation episode 1136: Success
simulation episode 1137: Success
simulation episode 1138: Fail
simulation episode 1139: Fail
simulation episode 1140: Success
simulation episode 1141: Success
simulation episode 1142: Fail
simulation episode 1143: Success
simulation episode 1144: Fail
simulation episode 1145: Success
simulation episode 1146: Fail
simulation episode 1147: Fail
simulation episode 1148: Fail
simulation episode 1149: Fail
simulation episode 1150: Success
simulation episode 1151: Success
simulation episode 1152: Success
simulation episode 1153: Fail
simulation episode 1154: Fail
simulation episode 1155: Fail
simulation episode 1156: Fail
simulation episode 1157: Fail
simulation episode 1158: Fail
simulation episode 1159: Success
simulation episode 1160: Fail
simulation episode 1161: Fail
simulation episode 1162: Success
simulation episode 1163: Success
simulation episode 1164: Fail
simulation episode 1165: Fail
simulation episode 1166: Fail
simulation episode 1167: Fail
simulation episode 1168: Success
simulation episode 1169: Success
simulation episode 1170: Fail
simulation episode 1171: Success
simulation episode 1172: Fail
simulation episode 1173: Fail
simulation episode 1174: Fail
simulation episode 1175: Fail
simulation episode 1176: Success
simulation episode 1177: Success
simulation episode 1178: Success
simulation episode 1179: Fail
simulation episode 1180: Success
simulation episode 1181: Fail
simulation episode 1182: Fail
simulation episode 1183: Fail
simulation episode 1184: Success
simulation episode 1185: Fail
simulation episode 1186: Fail
simulation episode 1187: Fail
simulation episode 1188: Fail
simulation episode 1189: Fail
simulation episode 1190: Success
simulation episode 1191: Success
simulation episode 1192: Success
simulation episode 1193: Fail
simulation episode 1194: Fail
simulation episode 1195: Fail
simulation episode 1196: Success
simulation episode 1197: Success
simulation episode 1198: Fail
simulation episode 1199: Fail
simulation episode 1200: Fail
simulation episode 1201: Fail
simulation episode 1202: Fail
simulation episode 1203: Success
simulation episode 1204: Success
simulation episode 1205: Fail
simulation episode 1206: Success
simulation episode 1207: Success
simulation episode 1208: Fail
simulation episode 1209: Fail
simulation episode 1210: Fail
simulation episode 1211: Fail
simulation episode 1212: Fail
simulation episode 1213: Fail
simulation episode 1214: Success
simulation episode 1215: Success
simulation episode 1216: Success
simulation episode 1217: Fail
simulation episode 1218: Fail
simulation episode 1219: Success
simulation episode 1220: Fail
simulation episode 1221: Success
simulation episode 1222: Fail
simulation episode 1223: Success
simulation episode 1224: Success
simulation episode 1225: Fail
simulation episode 1226: Fail
simulation episode 1227: Fail
simulation episode 1228: Success
simulation episode 1229: Success
simulation episode 1230: Fail
simulation episode 1231: Fail
simulation episode 1232: Fail
simulation episode 1233: Success
simulation episode 1234: Fail
simulation episode 1235: Success
simulation episode 1236: Fail
simulation episode 1237: Success
simulation episode 1238: Success
simulation episode 1239: Fail
simulation episode 1240: Fail
simulation episode 1241: Fail
simulation episode 1242: Fail
simulation episode 1243: Success
simulation episode 1244: Success
simulation episode 1245: Fail
simulation episode 1246: Fail
simulation episode 1247: Success
simulation episode 1248: Fail
simulation episode 1249: Fail
simulation episode 1250: Fail
simulation episode 1251: Success
simulation episode 1252: Fail
simulation episode 1253: Fail
simulation episode 1254: Success
simulation episode 1255: Success
simulation episode 1256: Fail
simulation episode 1257: Fail
simulation episode 1258: Fail
simulation episode 1259: Success
simulation episode 1260: Fail
simulation episode 1261: Fail
simulation episode 1262: Fail
simulation episode 1263: Success
simulation episode 1264: Fail
simulation episode 1265: Fail
simulation episode 1266: Success
simulation episode 1267: Success
simulation episode 1268: Success
simulation episode 1269: Success
simulation episode 1270: Fail
simulation episode 1271: Fail
simulation episode 1272: Fail
simulation episode 1273: Fail
simulation episode 1274: Fail
simulation episode 1275: Success
simulation episode 1276: Success
simulation episode 1277: Success
simulation episode 1278: Success
simulation episode 1279: Fail
simulation episode 1280: Success
simulation episode 1281: Fail
simulation episode 1282: Success
simulation episode 1283: Success
simulation episode 1284: Success
simulation episode 1285: Success
simulation episode 1286: Success
simulation episode 1287: Fail
simulation episode 1288: Success
simulation episode 1289: Fail
simulation episode 1290: Fail
simulation episode 1291: Fail
simulation episode 1292: Fail
simulation episode 1293: Success
simulation episode 1294: Fail
simulation episode 1295: Success
simulation episode 1296: Success
simulation episode 1297: Fail
simulation episode 1298: Fail
simulation episode 1299: Success
simulation episode 1300: Fail
simulation episode 1301: Fail
simulation episode 1302: Fail
simulation episode 1303: Success
simulation episode 1304: Fail
simulation episode 1305: Fail
simulation episode 1306: Fail
simulation episode 1307: Fail
simulation episode 1308: Success
simulation episode 1309: Fail
simulation episode 1310: Fail
simulation episode 1311: Fail
simulation episode 1312: Success
simulation episode 1313: Fail
simulation episode 1314: Fail
simulation episode 1315: Fail
simulation episode 1316: Fail
simulation episode 1317: Success
simulation episode 1318: Success
simulation episode 1319: Fail
simulation episode 1320: Fail
simulation episode 1321: Fail
simulation episode 1322: Fail
simulation episode 1323: Success
simulation episode 1324: Fail
simulation episode 1325: Fail
simulation episode 1326: Success
simulation episode 1327: Fail
simulation episode 1328: Fail
simulation episode 1329: Success
simulation episode 1330: Success
simulation episode 1331: Fail
simulation episode 1332: Fail
simulation episode 1333: Fail
simulation episode 1334: Fail
simulation episode 1335: Fail
simulation episode 1336: Fail
simulation episode 1337: Success
simulation episode 1338: Success
simulation episode 1339: Fail
simulation episode 1340: Success
simulation episode 1341: Success
simulation episode 1342: Fail
simulation episode 1343: Success
simulation episode 1344: Fail
simulation episode 1345: Fail
simulation episode 1346: Success
simulation episode 1347: Fail
simulation episode 1348: Fail
simulation episode 1349: Fail
simulation episode 1350: Success
simulation episode 1351: Fail
simulation episode 1352: Success
simulation episode 1353: Success
simulation episode 1354: Success
simulation episode 1355: Fail
simulation episode 1356: Success
simulation episode 1357: Success
simulation episode 1358: Success
simulation episode 1359: Fail
simulation episode 1360: Fail
simulation episode 1361: Fail
simulation episode 1362: Fail
simulation episode 1363: Fail
simulation episode 1364: Success
simulation episode 1365: Success
simulation episode 1366: Fail
simulation episode 1367: Fail
simulation episode 1368: Fail
simulation episode 1369: Success
simulation episode 1370: Fail
simulation episode 1371: Fail
simulation episode 1372: Fail
simulation episode 1373: Success
simulation episode 1374: Fail
simulation episode 1375: Fail
simulation episode 1376: Fail
simulation episode 1377: Fail
simulation episode 1378: Fail
simulation episode 1379: Fail
simulation episode 1380: Fail
simulation episode 1381: Fail
simulation episode 1382: Fail
simulation episode 1383: Fail
simulation episode 1384: Success
simulation episode 1385: Fail
simulation episode 1386: Fail
simulation episode 1387: Success
simulation episode 1388: Success
simulation episode 1389: Fail
simulation episode 1390: Fail
simulation episode 1391: Success
simulation episode 1392: Fail
simulation episode 1393: Fail
simulation episode 1394: Fail
simulation episode 1395: Success
simulation episode 1396: Success
simulation episode 1397: Success
simulation episode 1398: Fail
simulation episode 1399: Fail
simulation episode 1400: Fail
simulation episode 1401: Success
simulation episode 1402: Success
simulation episode 1403: Success
simulation episode 1404: Fail
simulation episode 1405: Fail
simulation episode 1406: Fail
simulation episode 1407: Success
simulation episode 1408: Fail
simulation episode 1409: Success
simulation episode 1410: Fail
simulation episode 1411: Fail
simulation episode 1412: Success
simulation episode 1413: Fail
simulation episode 1414: Fail
simulation episode 1415: Fail
simulation episode 1416: Fail
simulation episode 1417: Fail
simulation episode 1418: Fail
simulation episode 1419: Fail
simulation episode 1420: Success
simulation episode 1421: Fail
simulation episode 1422: Fail
simulation episode 1423: Fail
simulation episode 1424: Success
simulation episode 1425: Fail
simulation episode 1426: Fail
simulation episode 1427: Success
simulation episode 1428: Fail
simulation episode 1429: Fail
simulation episode 1430: Success
simulation episode 1431: Fail
simulation episode 1432: Success
simulation episode 1433: Fail
simulation episode 1434: Fail
simulation episode 1435: Fail
simulation episode 1436: Success
simulation episode 1437: Success
simulation episode 1438: Success
simulation episode 1439: Fail
simulation episode 1440: Success
simulation episode 1441: Fail
simulation episode 1442: Fail
simulation episode 1443: Success
simulation episode 1444: Success
simulation episode 1445: Success
simulation episode 1446: Fail
simulation episode 1447: Fail
simulation episode 1448: Fail
simulation episode 1449: Success
simulation episode 1450: Fail
simulation episode 1451: Fail
simulation episode 1452: Fail
simulation episode 1453: Fail
simulation episode 1454: Fail
simulation episode 1455: Fail
simulation episode 1456: Success
simulation episode 1457: Success
simulation episode 1458: Fail
simulation episode 1459: Fail
simulation episode 1460: Fail
simulation episode 1461: Fail
simulation episode 1462: Fail
simulation episode 1463: Success
simulation episode 1464: Success
simulation episode 1465: Fail
simulation episode 1466: Fail
simulation episode 1467: Success
simulation episode 1468: Success
simulation episode 1469: Fail
simulation episode 1470: Fail
simulation episode 1471: Success
simulation episode 1472: Success
simulation episode 1473: Fail
simulation episode 1474: Success
simulation episode 1475: Success
simulation episode 1476: Success
simulation episode 1477: Fail
simulation episode 1478: Fail
simulation episode 1479: Fail
simulation episode 1480: Success
simulation episode 1481: Fail
simulation episode 1482: Fail
simulation episode 1483: Fail
simulation episode 1484: Success
simulation episode 1485: Success
simulation episode 1486: Fail
simulation episode 1487: Fail
simulation episode 1488: Fail
simulation episode 1489: Fail
simulation episode 1490: Success
simulation episode 1491: Fail
simulation episode 1492: Success
simulation episode 1493: Success
simulation episode 1494: Fail
simulation episode 1495: Fail
simulation episode 1496: Success
simulation episode 1497: Fail
simulation episode 1498: Success
simulation episode 1499: Fail
simulation episode 1500: Success
simulation episode 1501: Success
simulation episode 1502: Fail
simulation episode 1503: Fail
simulation episode 1504: Fail
simulation episode 1505: Fail
simulation episode 1506: Success
simulation episode 1507: Success
simulation episode 1508: Fail
simulation episode 1509: Fail
simulation episode 1510: Fail
simulation episode 1511: Success
simulation episode 1512: Fail
simulation episode 1513: Success
simulation episode 1514: Fail
simulation episode 1515: Fail
simulation episode 1516: Fail
simulation episode 1517: Success
simulation episode 1518: Success
simulation episode 1519: Fail
simulation episode 1520: Fail
simulation episode 1521: Fail
simulation episode 1522: Success
simulation episode 1523: Fail
simulation episode 1524: Fail
simulation episode 1525: Fail
simulation episode 1526: Fail
simulation episode 1527: Fail
simulation episode 1528: Fail
simulation episode 1529: Success
simulation episode 1530: Fail
simulation episode 1531: Success
simulation episode 1532: Success
simulation episode 1533: Success
simulation episode 1534: Fail
simulation episode 1535: Fail
simulation episode 1536: Fail
simulation episode 1537: Success
simulation episode 1538: Success
simulation episode 1539: Fail
simulation episode 1540: Fail
simulation episode 1541: Success
simulation episode 1542: Fail
simulation episode 1543: Success
simulation episode 1544: Fail
simulation episode 1545: Fail
simulation episode 1546: Fail
simulation episode 1547: Success
simulation episode 1548: Success
simulation episode 1549: Fail
simulation episode 1550: Success
simulation episode 1551: Fail
simulation episode 1552: Fail
simulation episode 1553: Fail
simulation episode 1554: Fail
simulation episode 1555: Fail
simulation episode 1556: Fail
simulation episode 1557: Success
simulation episode 1558: Success
simulation episode 1559: Fail
simulation episode 1560: Fail
simulation episode 1561: Success
simulation episode 1562: Fail
simulation episode 1563: Success
simulation episode 1564: Fail
simulation episode 1565: Fail
simulation episode 1566: Success
simulation episode 1567: Fail
simulation episode 1568: Fail
simulation episode 1569: Fail
simulation episode 1570: Fail
simulation episode 1571: Success
simulation episode 1572: Fail
simulation episode 1573: Fail
simulation episode 1574: Fail
simulation episode 1575: Fail
simulation episode 1576: Fail
simulation episode 1577: Fail
simulation episode 1578: Fail
simulation episode 1579: Success
simulation episode 1580: Fail
simulation episode 1581: Success
simulation episode 1582: Success
simulation episode 1583: Fail
simulation episode 1584: Success
simulation episode 1585: Fail
simulation episode 1586: Success
simulation episode 1587: Fail
simulation episode 1588: Fail
simulation episode 1589: Fail
simulation episode 1590: Fail
simulation episode 1591: Success
simulation episode 1592: Success
simulation episode 1593: Fail
simulation episode 1594: Fail
simulation episode 1595: Success
simulation episode 1596: Fail
simulation episode 1597: Fail
simulation episode 1598: Fail
simulation episode 1599: Fail
simulation episode 1600: Fail
simulation episode 1601: Fail
simulation episode 1602: Fail
simulation episode 1603: Fail
simulation episode 1604: Success
simulation episode 1605: Success
simulation episode 1606: Fail
simulation episode 1607: Fail
simulation episode 1608: Success
simulation episode 1609: Fail
simulation episode 1610: Fail
simulation episode 1611: Success
simulation episode 1612: Success
simulation episode 1613: Fail
simulation episode 1614: Success
simulation episode 1615: Success
simulation episode 1616: Fail
simulation episode 1617: Success
simulation episode 1618: Fail
simulation episode 1619: Fail
simulation episode 1620: Fail
simulation episode 1621: Fail
simulation episode 1622: Fail
simulation episode 1623: Fail
simulation episode 1624: Success
simulation episode 1625: Fail
simulation episode 1626: Success
simulation episode 1627: Success
simulation episode 1628: Fail
simulation episode 1629: Fail
simulation episode 1630: Fail
simulation episode 1631: Fail
simulation episode 1632: Fail
simulation episode 1633: Fail
simulation episode 1634: Fail
simulation episode 1635: Success
simulation episode 1636: Fail
simulation episode 1637: Fail
simulation episode 1638: Fail
simulation episode 1639: Fail
simulation episode 1640: Fail
simulation episode 1641: Fail
simulation episode 1642: Success
simulation episode 1643: Success
simulation episode 1644: Success
simulation episode 1645: Fail
simulation episode 1646: Fail
simulation episode 1647: Fail
simulation episode 1648: Fail
simulation episode 1649: Fail
simulation episode 1650: Fail
simulation episode 1651: Fail
simulation episode 1652: Success
simulation episode 1653: Fail
simulation episode 1654: Fail
simulation episode 1655: Success
simulation episode 1656: Success
simulation episode 1657: Success
simulation episode 1658: Success
simulation episode 1659: Fail
simulation episode 1660: Fail
simulation episode 1661: Fail
simulation episode 1662: Success
simulation episode 1663: Success
simulation episode 1664: Fail
simulation episode 1665: Fail
simulation episode 1666: Fail
simulation episode 1667: Fail
simulation episode 1668: Success
simulation episode 1669: Success
simulation episode 1670: Fail
simulation episode 1671: Fail
simulation episode 1672: Fail
simulation episode 1673: Fail
simulation episode 1674: Fail
simulation episode 1675: Success
simulation episode 1676: Success
simulation episode 1677: Fail
simulation episode 1678: Fail
simulation episode 1679: Success
simulation episode 1680: Fail
simulation episode 1681: Success
simulation episode 1682: Fail
simulation episode 1683: Fail
simulation episode 1684: Success
simulation episode 1685: Fail
simulation episode 1686: Fail
simulation episode 1687: Success
simulation episode 1688: Fail
simulation episode 1689: Success
simulation episode 1690: Fail
simulation episode 1691: Success
simulation episode 1692: Success
simulation episode 1693: Success
simulation episode 1694: Fail
simulation episode 1695: Fail
simulation episode 1696: Success
simulation episode 1697: Fail
simulation episode 1698: Success
simulation episode 1699: Fail
simulation episode 1700: Fail
simulation episode 1701: Fail
simulation episode 1702: Fail
simulation episode 1703: Fail
simulation episode 1704: Success
simulation episode 1705: Success
simulation episode 1706: Fail
simulation episode 1707: Fail
simulation episode 1708: Fail
simulation episode 1709: Success
simulation episode 1710: Success
simulation episode 1711: Fail
simulation episode 1712: Fail
simulation episode 1713: Fail
simulation episode 1714: Fail
simulation episode 1715: Fail
simulation episode 1716: Fail
simulation episode 1717: Fail
simulation episode 1718: Success
simulation episode 1719: Fail
simulation episode 1720: Fail
simulation episode 1721: Fail
simulation episode 1722: Success
simulation episode 1723: Success
simulation episode 1724: Fail
simulation episode 1725: Fail
simulation episode 1726: Fail
simulation episode 1727: Success
simulation episode 1728: Success
simulation episode 1729: Fail
simulation episode 1730: Fail
simulation episode 1731: Fail
simulation episode 1732: Fail
simulation episode 1733: Fail
simulation episode 1734: Success
simulation episode 1735: Success
simulation episode 1736: Success
simulation episode 1737: Fail
simulation episode 1738: Success
simulation episode 1739: Success
simulation episode 1740: Fail
simulation episode 1741: Success
simulation episode 1742: Fail
simulation episode 1743: Fail
simulation episode 1744: Fail
simulation episode 1745: Fail
simulation episode 1746: Success
simulation episode 1747: Success
simulation episode 1748: Fail
simulation episode 1749: Fail
simulation episode 1750: Fail
simulation episode 1751: Fail
simulation episode 1752: Fail
simulation episode 1753: Fail
simulation episode 1754: Fail
simulation episode 1755: Success
simulation episode 1756: Success
simulation episode 1757: Success
simulation episode 1758: Success
simulation episode 1759: Success
simulation episode 1760: Fail
simulation episode 1761: Success
simulation episode 1762: Success
simulation episode 1763: Fail
simulation episode 1764: Fail
simulation episode 1765: Fail
simulation episode 1766: Fail
simulation episode 1767: Fail
simulation episode 1768: Success
simulation episode 1769: Fail
simulation episode 1770: Success
simulation episode 1771: Fail
simulation episode 1772: Success
simulation episode 1773: Fail
simulation episode 1774: Fail
simulation episode 1775: Fail
simulation episode 1776: Fail
simulation episode 1777: Success
simulation episode 1778: Fail
simulation episode 1779: Fail
simulation episode 1780: Fail
simulation episode 1781: Success
simulation episode 1782: Success
simulation episode 1783: Fail
simulation episode 1784: Fail
simulation episode 1785: Fail
simulation episode 1786: Fail
simulation episode 1787: Fail
simulation episode 1788: Success
simulation episode 1789: Fail
simulation episode 1790: Fail
simulation episode 1791: Fail
simulation episode 1792: Fail
simulation episode 1793: Fail
simulation episode 1794: Success
simulation episode 1795: Fail
simulation episode 1796: Fail
simulation episode 1797: Fail
simulation episode 1798: Success
simulation episode 1799: Success
simulation episode 1800: Fail
simulation episode 1801: Fail
simulation episode 1802: Fail
simulation episode 1803: Fail
simulation episode 1804: Fail
simulation episode 1805: Success
simulation episode 1806: Fail
simulation episode 1807: Success
simulation episode 1808: Success
simulation episode 1809: Fail
simulation episode 1810: Success
simulation episode 1811: Fail
simulation episode 1812: Success
simulation episode 1813: Success
simulation episode 1814: Fail
simulation episode 1815: Fail
simulation episode 1816: Fail
simulation episode 1817: Fail
simulation episode 1818: Success
simulation episode 1819: Success
simulation episode 1820: Success
simulation episode 1821: Fail
simulation episode 1822: Fail
simulation episode 1823: Fail
simulation episode 1824: Success
simulation episode 1825: Success
simulation episode 1826: Success
simulation episode 1827: Fail
simulation episode 1828: Fail
simulation episode 1829: Fail
simulation episode 1830: Fail
simulation episode 1831: Fail
simulation episode 1832: Fail
simulation episode 1833: Fail
simulation episode 1834: Success
simulation episode 1835: Fail
simulation episode 1836: Fail
simulation episode 1837: Success
simulation episode 1838: Fail
simulation episode 1839: Fail
simulation episode 1840: Fail
simulation episode 1841: Fail
simulation episode 1842: Fail
simulation episode 1843: Fail
simulation episode 1844: Success
simulation episode 1845: Success
simulation episode 1846: Fail
simulation episode 1847: Success
simulation episode 1848: Fail
simulation episode 1849: Success
simulation episode 1850: Fail
simulation episode 1851: Success
simulation episode 1852: Fail
simulation episode 1853: Fail
simulation episode 1854: Fail
simulation episode 1855: Success
simulation episode 1856: Fail
simulation episode 1857: Fail
simulation episode 1858: Fail
simulation episode 1859: Fail
simulation episode 1860: Fail
simulation episode 1861: Fail
simulation episode 1862: Success
simulation episode 1863: Fail
simulation episode 1864: Fail
simulation episode 1865: Fail
simulation episode 1866: Fail
simulation episode 1867: Fail
simulation episode 1868: Success
simulation episode 1869: Fail
simulation episode 1870: Fail
simulation episode 1871: Fail
simulation episode 1872: Fail
simulation episode 1873: Success
simulation episode 1874: Fail
simulation episode 1875: Success
simulation episode 1876: Success
simulation episode 1877: Fail
simulation episode 1878: Fail
simulation episode 1879: Fail
simulation episode 1880: Fail
simulation episode 1881: Fail
simulation episode 1882: Fail
simulation episode 1883: Fail
simulation episode 1884: Fail
simulation episode 1885: Success
simulation episode 1886: Fail
simulation episode 1887: Fail
simulation episode 1888: Success
simulation episode 1889: Success
simulation episode 1890: Success
simulation episode 1891: Fail
simulation episode 1892: Success
simulation episode 1893: Success
simulation episode 1894: Success
simulation episode 1895: Fail
simulation episode 1896: Success
simulation episode 1897: Success
simulation episode 1898: Fail
simulation episode 1899: Fail
simulation episode 1900: Fail
simulation episode 1901: Success
simulation episode 1902: Fail
simulation episode 1903: Success
simulation episode 1904: Fail
simulation episode 1905: Fail
simulation episode 1906: Success
simulation episode 1907: Success
simulation episode 1908: Fail
simulation episode 1909: Success
simulation episode 1910: Fail
simulation episode 1911: Fail
simulation episode 1912: Success
simulation episode 1913: Success
simulation episode 1914: Fail
simulation episode 1915: Fail
simulation episode 1916: Success
simulation episode 1917: Success
simulation episode 1918: Fail
simulation episode 1919: Fail
simulation episode 1920: Fail
simulation episode 1921: Fail
simulation episode 1922: Fail
simulation episode 1923: Fail
simulation episode 1924: Fail
simulation episode 1925: Fail
simulation episode 1926: Fail
simulation episode 1927: Fail
simulation episode 1928: Fail
simulation episode 1929: Fail
simulation episode 1930: Fail
simulation episode 1931: Fail
simulation episode 1932: Fail
simulation episode 1933: Fail
simulation episode 1934: Fail
simulation episode 1935: Fail
simulation episode 1936: Success
simulation episode 1937: Fail
simulation episode 1938: Success
simulation episode 1939: Fail
simulation episode 1940: Fail
simulation episode 1941: Fail
simulation episode 1942: Fail
simulation episode 1943: Fail
simulation episode 1944: Success
simulation episode 1945: Fail
simulation episode 1946: Success
simulation episode 1947: Success
simulation episode 1948: Fail
simulation episode 1949: Fail
simulation episode 1950: Success
simulation episode 1951: Fail
simulation episode 1952: Success
simulation episode 1953: Fail
simulation episode 1954: Fail
simulation episode 1955: Fail
simulation episode 1956: Success
simulation episode 1957: Success
simulation episode 1958: Fail
simulation episode 1959: Success
simulation episode 1960: Fail
simulation episode 1961: Fail
simulation episode 1962: Fail
simulation episode 1963: Success
simulation episode 1964: Fail
simulation episode 1965: Fail
simulation episode 1966: Success
simulation episode 1967: Success
simulation episode 1968: Fail
simulation episode 1969: Fail
simulation episode 1970: Fail
simulation episode 1971: Fail
simulation episode 1972: Success
simulation episode 1973: Fail
simulation episode 1974: Success
simulation episode 1975: Fail
simulation episode 1976: Fail
simulation episode 1977: Fail
simulation episode 1978: Success
simulation episode 1979: Success
simulation episode 1980: Fail
simulation episode 1981: Fail
simulation episode 1982: Fail
simulation episode 1983: Fail
simulation episode 1984: Fail
simulation episode 1985: Fail
simulation episode 1986: Success
simulation episode 1987: Fail
simulation episode 1988: Fail
simulation episode 1989: Fail
simulation episode 1990: Fail
simulation episode 1991: Fail
simulation episode 1992: Fail
simulation episode 1993: Success
simulation episode 1994: Fail
simulation episode 1995: Success
simulation episode 1996: Fail
simulation episode 1997: Fail
simulation episode 1998: Fail
simulation episode 1999: Success
simulation episode 2000: Fail
simulation episode 2001: Fail
simulation episode 2002: Fail
simulation episode 2003: Success
simulation episode 2004: Success
simulation episode 2005: Success
simulation episode 2006: Success
simulation episode 2007: Fail
simulation episode 2008: Fail
simulation episode 2009: Fail
simulation episode 2010: Fail
simulation episode 2011: Fail
simulation episode 2012: Success
simulation episode 2013: Fail
simulation episode 2014: Fail
simulation episode 2015: Success
simulation episode 2016: Success
simulation episode 2017: Fail
simulation episode 2018: Success
simulation episode 2019: Fail
simulation episode 2020: Fail
simulation episode 2021: Fail
simulation episode 2022: Fail
simulation episode 2023: Success
simulation episode 2024: Fail
simulation episode 2025: Success
simulation episode 2026: Fail
simulation episode 2027: Success
simulation episode 2028: Fail
simulation episode 2029: Fail
simulation episode 2030: Fail
simulation episode 2031: Success
simulation episode 2032: Fail
simulation episode 2033: Success
simulation episode 2034: Success
simulation episode 2035: Fail
simulation episode 2036: Fail
simulation episode 2037: Success
simulation episode 2038: Fail
simulation episode 2039: Success
simulation episode 2040: Success
simulation episode 2041: Fail
simulation episode 2042: Success
simulation episode 2043: Fail
simulation episode 2044: Fail
simulation episode 2045: Fail
simulation episode 2046: Fail
simulation episode 2047: Success
simulation episode 2048: Success
simulation episode 2049: Success
simulation episode 2050: Fail
simulation episode 2051: Fail
simulation episode 2052: Fail
simulation episode 2053: Success
simulation episode 2054: Fail
simulation episode 2055: Fail
simulation episode 2056: Fail
simulation episode 2057: Fail
simulation episode 2058: Fail
simulation episode 2059: Fail
simulation episode 2060: Fail
simulation episode 2061: Fail
simulation episode 2062: Fail
simulation episode 2063: Fail
simulation episode 2064: Fail
simulation episode 2065: Success
simulation episode 2066: Fail
simulation episode 2067: Fail
simulation episode 2068: Fail
simulation episode 2069: Fail
simulation episode 2070: Fail
simulation episode 2071: Fail
simulation episode 2072: Fail
simulation episode 2073: Fail
simulation episode 2074: Fail
simulation episode 2075: Success
simulation episode 2076: Fail
simulation episode 2077: Fail
simulation episode 2078: Fail
simulation episode 2079: Success
simulation episode 2080: Fail
simulation episode 2081: Fail
simulation episode 2082: Fail
simulation episode 2083: Fail
simulation episode 2084: Fail
simulation episode 2085: Success
simulation episode 2086: Fail
simulation episode 2087: Success
simulation episode 2088: Success
simulation episode 2089: Fail
simulation episode 2090: Success
simulation episode 2091: Fail
simulation episode 2092: Fail
simulation episode 2093: Fail
simulation episode 2094: Success
simulation episode 2095: Success
simulation episode 2096: Success
simulation episode 2097: Fail
simulation episode 2098: Fail
simulation episode 2099: Fail
simulation episode 2100: Fail
simulation episode 2101: Fail
simulation episode 2102: Success
simulation episode 2103: Success
simulation episode 2104: Fail
simulation episode 2105: Fail
simulation episode 2106: Fail
simulation episode 2107: Fail
simulation episode 2108: Fail
simulation episode 2109: Fail
simulation episode 2110: Fail
simulation episode 2111: Success
simulation episode 2112: Success
simulation episode 2113: Fail
simulation episode 2114: Fail
simulation episode 2115: Fail
simulation episode 2116: Success
simulation episode 2117: Fail
simulation episode 2118: Success
simulation episode 2119: Success
simulation episode 2120: Fail
simulation episode 2121: Fail
simulation episode 2122: Fail
simulation episode 2123: Success
simulation episode 2124: Success
simulation episode 2125: Fail
simulation episode 2126: Fail
simulation episode 2127: Fail
simulation episode 2128: Fail
simulation episode 2129: Success
simulation episode 2130: Fail
simulation episode 2131: Success
simulation episode 2132: Success
simulation episode 2133: Success
simulation episode 2134: Success
simulation episode 2135: Success
simulation episode 2136: Fail
simulation episode 2137: Fail
simulation episode 2138: Fail
simulation episode 2139: Success
simulation episode 2140: Fail
simulation episode 2141: Fail
simulation episode 2142: Fail
simulation episode 2143: Fail
simulation episode 2144: Fail
simulation episode 2145: Success
simulation episode 2146: Success
simulation episode 2147: Success
simulation episode 2148: Fail
simulation episode 2149: Fail
simulation episode 2150: Success
simulation episode 2151: Success
simulation episode 2152: Fail
simulation episode 2153: Fail
simulation episode 2154: Success
simulation episode 2155: Fail
simulation episode 2156: Fail
simulation episode 2157: Fail
simulation episode 2158: Fail
simulation episode 2159: Fail
simulation episode 2160: Fail
simulation episode 2161: Success
simulation episode 2162: Success
simulation episode 2163: Fail
simulation episode 2164: Success
simulation episode 2165: Fail
simulation episode 2166: Fail
simulation episode 2167: Fail
simulation episode 2168: Success
simulation episode 2169: Success
simulation episode 2170: Success
simulation episode 2171: Fail
simulation episode 2172: Success
simulation episode 2173: Success
simulation episode 2174: Success
simulation episode 2175: Fail
simulation episode 2176: Fail
simulation episode 2177: Fail
simulation episode 2178: Success
simulation episode 2179: Fail
simulation episode 2180: Fail
simulation episode 2181: Success
simulation episode 2182: Fail
simulation episode 2183: Success
simulation episode 2184: Success
simulation episode 2185: Fail
simulation episode 2186: Fail
simulation episode 2187: Success
simulation episode 2188: Fail
simulation episode 2189: Fail
simulation episode 2190: Success
simulation episode 2191: Success
simulation episode 2192: Success
simulation episode 2193: Fail
simulation episode 2194: Success
simulation episode 2195: Fail
simulation episode 2196: Fail
simulation episode 2197: Fail
simulation episode 2198: Fail
simulation episode 2199: Success
simulation episode 2200: Fail
simulation episode 2201: Fail
simulation episode 2202: Fail
simulation episode 2203: Fail
simulation episode 2204: Fail
simulation episode 2205: Fail
simulation episode 2206: Success
simulation episode 2207: Fail
simulation episode 2208: Fail
simulation episode 2209: Success
simulation episode 2210: Fail
simulation episode 2211: Fail
simulation episode 2212: Fail
simulation episode 2213: Fail
simulation episode 2214: Fail
simulation episode 2215: Fail
simulation episode 2216: Success
simulation episode 2217: Fail
simulation episode 2218: Fail
simulation episode 2219: Fail
simulation episode 2220: Success
simulation episode 2221: Fail
simulation episode 2222: Success
simulation episode 2223: Success
simulation episode 2224: Fail
simulation episode 2225: Fail
simulation episode 2226: Fail
simulation episode 2227: Fail
simulation episode 2228: Fail
simulation episode 2229: Fail
simulation episode 2230: Fail
simulation episode 2231: Fail
simulation episode 2232: Fail
simulation episode 2233: Fail
simulation episode 2234: Success
simulation episode 2235: Fail
simulation episode 2236: Success
simulation episode 2237: Success
simulation episode 2238: Success
simulation episode 2239: Fail
simulation episode 2240: Fail
simulation episode 2241: Fail
simulation episode 2242: Success
simulation episode 2243: Success
simulation episode 2244: Fail
simulation episode 2245: Fail
simulation episode 2246: Fail
simulation episode 2247: Fail
simulation episode 2248: Success
simulation episode 2249: Success
simulation episode 2250: Fail
simulation episode 2251: Success
simulation episode 2252: Fail
simulation episode 2253: Fail
simulation episode 2254: Success
simulation episode 2255: Fail
simulation episode 2256: Fail
simulation episode 2257: Success
simulation episode 2258: Fail
simulation episode 2259: Success
simulation episode 2260: Fail
simulation episode 2261: Success
simulation episode 2262: Success
simulation episode 2263: Fail
simulation episode 2264: Fail
simulation episode 2265: Fail
simulation episode 2266: Fail
simulation episode 2267: Fail
simulation episode 2268: Fail
simulation episode 2269: Fail
simulation episode 2270: Fail
simulation episode 2271: Fail
simulation episode 2272: Success
simulation episode 2273: Fail
simulation episode 2274: Fail
simulation episode 2275: Success
simulation episode 2276: Fail
simulation episode 2277: Success
simulation episode 2278: Success
simulation episode 2279: Fail
simulation episode 2280: Success
simulation episode 2281: Fail
simulation episode 2282: Success
simulation episode 2283: Fail
simulation episode 2284: Fail
simulation episode 2285: Fail
simulation episode 2286: Success
simulation episode 2287: Fail
simulation episode 2288: Fail
simulation episode 2289: Fail
simulation episode 2290: Fail
simulation episode 2291: Fail
simulation episode 2292: Success
simulation episode 2293: Success
simulation episode 2294: Fail
simulation episode 2295: Success
simulation episode 2296: Fail
simulation episode 2297: Success
simulation episode 2298: Success
simulation episode 2299: Fail
simulation episode 2300: Success
simulation episode 2301: Success
simulation episode 2302: Success
simulation episode 2303: Success
simulation episode 2304: Fail
simulation episode 2305: Fail
simulation episode 2306: Fail
simulation episode 2307: Success
simulation episode 2308: Success
simulation episode 2309: Success
simulation episode 2310: Fail
simulation episode 2311: Fail
simulation episode 2312: Fail
simulation episode 2313: Fail
simulation episode 2314: Fail
simulation episode 2315: Fail
simulation episode 2316: Success
simulation episode 2317: Fail
simulation episode 2318: Fail
simulation episode 2319: Fail
simulation episode 2320: Fail
simulation episode 2321: Fail
simulation episode 2322: Fail
simulation episode 2323: Fail
simulation episode 2324: Fail
simulation episode 2325: Fail
simulation episode 2326: Fail
simulation episode 2327: Fail
simulation episode 2328: Fail
simulation episode 2329: Fail
simulation episode 2330: Fail
simulation episode 2331: Fail
simulation episode 2332: Fail
simulation episode 2333: Success
simulation episode 2334: Fail
simulation episode 2335: Success
simulation episode 2336: Fail
simulation episode 2337: Fail
simulation episode 2338: Success
simulation episode 2339: Fail
simulation episode 2340: Fail
simulation episode 2341: Success
simulation episode 2342: Success
simulation episode 2343: Success
simulation episode 2344: Fail
simulation episode 2345: Success
simulation episode 2346: Success
simulation episode 2347: Success
simulation episode 2348: Success
simulation episode 2349: Fail
simulation episode 2350: Fail
simulation episode 2351: Fail
simulation episode 2352: Fail
simulation episode 2353: Success
simulation episode 2354: Fail
simulation episode 2355: Fail
simulation episode 2356: Fail
simulation episode 2357: Fail
simulation episode 2358: Success
simulation episode 2359: Fail
simulation episode 2360: Fail
simulation episode 2361: Success
simulation episode 2362: Fail
simulation episode 2363: Fail
simulation episode 2364: Fail
simulation episode 2365: Success
simulation episode 2366: Success
simulation episode 2367: Success
simulation episode 2368: Fail
simulation episode 2369: Success
simulation episode 2370: Fail
simulation episode 2371: Fail
simulation episode 2372: Fail
simulation episode 2373: Fail
simulation episode 2374: Success
simulation episode 2375: Fail
simulation episode 2376: Fail
simulation episode 2377: Fail
simulation episode 2378: Fail
simulation episode 2379: Success
simulation episode 2380: Success
simulation episode 2381: Fail
simulation episode 2382: Fail
simulation episode 2383: Fail
simulation episode 2384: Fail
simulation episode 2385: Fail
simulation episode 2386: Success
simulation episode 2387: Success
simulation episode 2388: Success
simulation episode 2389: Success
simulation episode 2390: Fail
simulation episode 2391: Fail
simulation episode 2392: Success
simulation episode 2393: Fail
simulation episode 2394: Fail
simulation episode 2395: Fail
simulation episode 2396: Success
simulation episode 2397: Fail
simulation episode 2398: Fail
simulation episode 2399: Success
simulation episode 2400: Success
simulation episode 2401: Fail
simulation episode 2402: Fail
simulation episode 2403: Success
simulation episode 2404: Success
simulation episode 2405: Fail
simulation episode 2406: Success
simulation episode 2407: Fail
simulation episode 2408: Success
simulation episode 2409: Fail
simulation episode 2410: Success
simulation episode 2411: Fail
simulation episode 2412: Fail
simulation episode 2413: Fail
simulation episode 2414: Fail
simulation episode 2415: Success
simulation episode 2416: Fail
simulation episode 2417: Success
simulation episode 2418: Fail
simulation episode 2419: Fail
simulation episode 2420: Success
simulation episode 2421: Fail
simulation episode 2422: Fail
simulation episode 2423: Success
simulation episode 2424: Fail
simulation episode 2425: Fail
simulation episode 2426: Fail
simulation episode 2427: Fail
simulation episode 2428: Fail
simulation episode 2429: Success
simulation episode 2430: Fail
simulation episode 2431: Success
simulation episode 2432: Fail
simulation episode 2433: Fail
simulation episode 2434: Fail
simulation episode 2435: Fail
simulation episode 2436: Fail
simulation episode 2437: Fail
simulation episode 2438: Success
simulation episode 2439: Fail
simulation episode 2440: Fail
simulation episode 2441: Fail
simulation episode 2442: Fail
simulation episode 2443: Fail
simulation episode 2444: Success
simulation episode 2445: Fail
simulation episode 2446: Fail
simulation episode 2447: Fail
simulation episode 2448: Fail
simulation episode 2449: Fail
simulation episode 2450: Success
simulation episode 2451: Fail
simulation episode 2452: Fail
simulation episode 2453: Fail
simulation episode 2454: Fail
simulation episode 2455: Success
simulation episode 2456: Fail
simulation episode 2457: Success
simulation episode 2458: Success
simulation episode 2459: Fail
simulation episode 2460: Fail
simulation episode 2461: Success
simulation episode 2462: Success
simulation episode 2463: Fail
simulation episode 2464: Fail
simulation episode 2465: Fail
simulation episode 2466: Success
simulation episode 2467: Fail
simulation episode 2468: Fail
simulation episode 2469: Success
simulation episode 2470: Success
simulation episode 2471: Fail
simulation episode 2472: Fail
simulation episode 2473: Fail
simulation episode 2474: Success
simulation episode 2475: Success
simulation episode 2476: Fail
simulation episode 2477: Success
simulation episode 2478: Success
simulation episode 2479: Fail
simulation episode 2480: Fail
simulation episode 2481: Fail
simulation episode 2482: Fail
simulation episode 2483: Fail
simulation episode 2484: Fail
simulation episode 2485: Fail
simulation episode 2486: Fail
simulation episode 2487: Fail
simulation episode 2488: Fail
simulation episode 2489: Success
simulation episode 2490: Fail
simulation episode 2491: Fail
simulation episode 2492: Fail
simulation episode 2493: Success
simulation episode 2494: Fail
simulation episode 2495: Success
simulation episode 2496: Success
simulation episode 2497: Success
simulation episode 2498: Fail
simulation episode 2499: Fail
simulation episode 2500: Success
simulation episode 2501: Fail
simulation episode 2502: Success
simulation episode 2503: Success
simulation episode 2504: Fail
simulation episode 2505: Success
simulation episode 2506: Success
simulation episode 2507: Success
simulation episode 2508: Fail
simulation episode 2509: Success
simulation episode 2510: Success
simulation episode 2511: Fail
simulation episode 2512: Fail
simulation episode 2513: Fail
simulation episode 2514: Fail
simulation episode 2515: Fail
simulation episode 2516: Fail
simulation episode 2517: Success
simulation episode 2518: Success
simulation episode 2519: Fail
simulation episode 2520: Fail
simulation episode 2521: Fail
simulation episode 2522: Success
simulation episode 2523: Success
simulation episode 2524: Success
simulation episode 2525: Fail
simulation episode 2526: Fail
simulation episode 2527: Success
simulation episode 2528: Success
simulation episode 2529: Fail
simulation episode 2530: Fail
simulation episode 2531: Success
simulation episode 2532: Fail
simulation episode 2533: Success
simulation episode 2534: Success
simulation episode 2535: Fail
simulation episode 2536: Fail
simulation episode 2537: Success
simulation episode 2538: Fail
simulation episode 2539: Fail
simulation episode 2540: Fail
simulation episode 2541: Success
simulation episode 2542: Fail
simulation episode 2543: Fail
simulation episode 2544: Fail
simulation episode 2545: Fail
simulation episode 2546: Success
simulation episode 2547: Fail
simulation episode 2548: Success
simulation episode 2549: Success
simulation episode 2550: Fail
simulation episode 2551: Fail
simulation episode 2552: Success
simulation episode 2553: Success
simulation episode 2554: Fail
simulation episode 2555: Fail
simulation episode 2556: Fail
simulation episode 2557: Fail
simulation episode 2558: Fail
simulation episode 2559: Success
simulation episode 2560: Fail
simulation episode 2561: Fail
simulation episode 2562: Fail
simulation episode 2563: Success
simulation episode 2564: Fail
simulation episode 2565: Success
simulation episode 2566: Fail
simulation episode 2567: Success
simulation episode 2568: Fail
simulation episode 2569: Fail
simulation episode 2570: Success
simulation episode 2571: Fail
simulation episode 2572: Success
simulation episode 2573: Fail
simulation episode 2574: Success
simulation episode 2575: Fail
simulation episode 2576: Success
simulation episode 2577: Success
simulation episode 2578: Success
simulation episode 2579: Fail
simulation episode 2580: Fail
simulation episode 2581: Fail
simulation episode 2582: Fail
simulation episode 2583: Fail
simulation episode 2584: Fail
simulation episode 2585: Fail
simulation episode 2586: Fail
simulation episode 2587: Success
simulation episode 2588: Fail
simulation episode 2589: Fail
simulation episode 2590: Success
simulation episode 2591: Fail
simulation episode 2592: Success
simulation episode 2593: Fail
simulation episode 2594: Fail
simulation episode 2595: Success
simulation episode 2596: Fail
simulation episode 2597: Fail
simulation episode 2598: Fail
simulation episode 2599: Fail
simulation episode 2600: Success
simulation episode 2601: Fail
simulation episode 2602: Success
simulation episode 2603: Fail
simulation episode 2604: Success
simulation episode 2605: Fail
simulation episode 2606: Success
simulation episode 2607: Fail
simulation episode 2608: Success
simulation episode 2609: Fail
simulation episode 2610: Fail
simulation episode 2611: Fail
simulation episode 2612: Success
simulation episode 2613: Success
simulation episode 2614: Fail
simulation episode 2615: Fail
simulation episode 2616: Fail
simulation episode 2617: Fail
simulation episode 2618: Success
simulation episode 2619: Success
simulation episode 2620: Success
simulation episode 2621: Fail
simulation episode 2622: Fail
simulation episode 2623: Fail
simulation episode 2624: Fail
simulation episode 2625: Fail
simulation episode 2626: Fail
simulation episode 2627: Fail
simulation episode 2628: Fail
simulation episode 2629: Fail
simulation episode 2630: Success
simulation episode 2631: Fail
simulation episode 2632: Success
simulation episode 2633: Success
simulation episode 2634: Success
simulation episode 2635: Success
simulation episode 2636: Success
simulation episode 2637: Success
simulation episode 2638: Success
simulation episode 2639: Fail
simulation episode 2640: Fail
simulation episode 2641: Fail
simulation episode 2642: Fail
simulation episode 2643: Success
simulation episode 2644: Fail
simulation episode 2645: Fail
simulation episode 2646: Fail
simulation episode 2647: Success
simulation episode 2648: Success
simulation episode 2649: Fail
simulation episode 2650: Success
simulation episode 2651: Fail
simulation episode 2652: Success
simulation episode 2653: Fail
simulation episode 2654: Fail
simulation episode 2655: Fail
simulation episode 2656: Success
simulation episode 2657: Success
simulation episode 2658: Success
simulation episode 2659: Success
simulation episode 2660: Fail
simulation episode 2661: Success
simulation episode 2662: Fail
simulation episode 2663: Fail
simulation episode 2664: Success
simulation episode 2665: Fail
simulation episode 2666: Success
simulation episode 2667: Fail
simulation episode 2668: Fail
simulation episode 2669: Fail
simulation episode 2670: Fail
simulation episode 2671: Success
simulation episode 2672: Fail
simulation episode 2673: Fail
simulation episode 2674: Fail
simulation episode 2675: Fail
simulation episode 2676: Fail
simulation episode 2677: Fail
simulation episode 2678: Fail
simulation episode 2679: Success
simulation episode 2680: Success
simulation episode 2681: Success
simulation episode 2682: Success
simulation episode 2683: Success
simulation episode 2684: Fail
simulation episode 2685: Success
simulation episode 2686: Success
simulation episode 2687: Fail
simulation episode 2688: Fail
simulation episode 2689: Fail
simulation episode 2690: Fail
simulation episode 2691: Fail
simulation episode 2692: Fail
simulation episode 2693: Fail
simulation episode 2694: Fail
simulation episode 2695: Fail
simulation episode 2696: Fail
simulation episode 2697: Fail
simulation episode 2698: Success
simulation episode 2699: Fail
simulation episode 2700: Fail
simulation episode 2701: Fail
simulation episode 2702: Fail
simulation episode 2703: Fail
simulation episode 2704: Fail
simulation episode 2705: Success
simulation episode 2706: Fail
simulation episode 2707: Fail
simulation episode 2708: Fail
simulation episode 2709: Fail
simulation episode 2710: Fail
simulation episode 2711: Fail
simulation episode 2712: Success
simulation episode 2713: Fail
simulation episode 2714: Success
simulation episode 2715: Fail
simulation episode 2716: Fail
simulation episode 2717: Fail
simulation episode 2718: Fail
simulation episode 2719: Fail
simulation episode 2720: Fail
simulation episode 2721: Fail
simulation episode 2722: Fail
simulation episode 2723: Fail
simulation episode 2724: Fail
simulation episode 2725: Success
simulation episode 2726: Fail
simulation episode 2727: Success
simulation episode 2728: Fail
simulation episode 2729: Fail
simulation episode 2730: Fail
simulation episode 2731: Success
simulation episode 2732: Fail
simulation episode 2733: Fail
simulation episode 2734: Fail
simulation episode 2735: Fail
simulation episode 2736: Fail
simulation episode 2737: Fail
simulation episode 2738: Success
simulation episode 2739: Fail
simulation episode 2740: Success
simulation episode 2741: Fail
simulation episode 2742: Fail
simulation episode 2743: Success
simulation episode 2744: Fail
simulation episode 2745: Success
simulation episode 2746: Fail
simulation episode 2747: Fail
simulation episode 2748: Success
simulation episode 2749: Success
simulation episode 2750: Success
simulation episode 2751: Fail
simulation episode 2752: Success
simulation episode 2753: Fail
simulation episode 2754: Fail
simulation episode 2755: Fail
simulation episode 2756: Success
simulation episode 2757: Success
simulation episode 2758: Fail
simulation episode 2759: Fail
simulation episode 2760: Fail
simulation episode 2761: Fail
simulation episode 2762: Fail
simulation episode 2763: Success
simulation episode 2764: Fail
simulation episode 2765: Fail
simulation episode 2766: Success
simulation episode 2767: Fail
simulation episode 2768: Fail
simulation episode 2769: Success
simulation episode 2770: Success
simulation episode 2771: Fail
simulation episode 2772: Success
simulation episode 2773: Fail
simulation episode 2774: Fail
simulation episode 2775: Fail
simulation episode 2776: Fail
simulation episode 2777: Fail
simulation episode 2778: Success
simulation episode 2779: Fail
simulation episode 2780: Success
simulation episode 2781: Fail
simulation episode 2782: Fail
simulation episode 2783: Success
simulation episode 2784: Success
simulation episode 2785: Fail
simulation episode 2786: Success
simulation episode 2787: Success
simulation episode 2788: Fail
simulation episode 2789: Fail
simulation episode 2790: Success
simulation episode 2791: Fail
simulation episode 2792: Fail
simulation episode 2793: Success
simulation episode 2794: Fail
simulation episode 2795: Fail
simulation episode 2796: Success
simulation episode 2797: Fail
simulation episode 2798: Success
simulation episode 2799: Fail
simulation episode 2800: Fail
simulation episode 2801: Fail
simulation episode 2802: Fail
simulation episode 2803: Success
simulation episode 2804: Fail
simulation episode 2805: Fail
simulation episode 2806: Success
simulation episode 2807: Success
simulation episode 2808: Fail
simulation episode 2809: Success
simulation episode 2810: Success
simulation episode 2811: Success
simulation episode 2812: Fail
simulation episode 2813: Fail
simulation episode 2814: Fail
simulation episode 2815: Success
simulation episode 2816: Fail
simulation episode 2817: Success
simulation episode 2818: Success
simulation episode 2819: Success
simulation episode 2820: Fail
simulation episode 2821: Success
simulation episode 2822: Fail
simulation episode 2823: Fail
simulation episode 2824: Fail
simulation episode 2825: Fail
simulation episode 2826: Fail
simulation episode 2827: Fail
simulation episode 2828: Fail
simulation episode 2829: Fail
simulation episode 2830: Success
simulation episode 2831: Fail
simulation episode 2832: Fail
simulation episode 2833: Fail
simulation episode 2834: Fail
simulation episode 2835: Fail
simulation episode 2836: Success
simulation episode 2837: Fail
simulation episode 2838: Fail
simulation episode 2839: Fail
simulation episode 2840: Fail
simulation episode 2841: Fail
simulation episode 2842: Fail
simulation episode 2843: Fail
simulation episode 2844: Fail
simulation episode 2845: Fail
simulation episode 2846: Fail
simulation episode 2847: Success
simulation episode 2848: Success
simulation episode 2849: Fail
simulation episode 2850: Fail
simulation episode 2851: Fail
simulation episode 2852: Success
simulation episode 2853: Fail
simulation episode 2854: Fail
simulation episode 2855: Success
simulation episode 2856: Success
simulation episode 2857: Fail
simulation episode 2858: Success
simulation episode 2859: Fail
simulation episode 2860: Success
simulation episode 2861: Fail
simulation episode 2862: Fail
simulation episode 2863: Success
simulation episode 2864: Fail
simulation episode 2865: Fail
simulation episode 2866: Success
simulation episode 2867: Fail
simulation episode 2868: Fail
simulation episode 2869: Fail
simulation episode 2870: Success
simulation episode 2871: Success
simulation episode 2872: Fail
simulation episode 2873: Fail
simulation episode 2874: Success
simulation episode 2875: Fail
simulation episode 2876: Fail
simulation episode 2877: Fail
simulation episode 2878: Fail
simulation episode 2879: Fail
simulation episode 2880: Fail
simulation episode 2881: Success
simulation episode 2882: Fail
simulation episode 2883: Fail
simulation episode 2884: Fail
simulation episode 2885: Success
simulation episode 2886: Success
simulation episode 2887: Fail
simulation episode 2888: Fail
simulation episode 2889: Fail
simulation episode 2890: Fail
simulation episode 2891: Success
simulation episode 2892: Success
simulation episode 2893: Fail
simulation episode 2894: Fail
simulation episode 2895: Fail
simulation episode 2896: Fail
simulation episode 2897: Fail
simulation episode 2898: Fail
simulation episode 2899: Fail
simulation episode 2900: Success
simulation episode 2901: Success
simulation episode 2902: Fail
simulation episode 2903: Success
simulation episode 2904: Success
simulation episode 2905: Fail
simulation episode 2906: Fail
simulation episode 2907: Success
simulation episode 2908: Fail
simulation episode 2909: Success
simulation episode 2910: Success
simulation episode 2911: Fail
simulation episode 2912: Fail
simulation episode 2913: Fail
simulation episode 2914: Fail
simulation episode 2915: Fail
simulation episode 2916: Fail
simulation episode 2917: Success
simulation episode 2918: Fail
simulation episode 2919: Fail
simulation episode 2920: Success
simulation episode 2921: Fail
simulation episode 2922: Fail
simulation episode 2923: Success
simulation episode 2924: Fail
simulation episode 2925: Fail
simulation episode 2926: Fail
simulation episode 2927: Success
simulation episode 2928: Fail
simulation episode 2929: Fail
simulation episode 2930: Fail
simulation episode 2931: Success
simulation episode 2932: Fail
simulation episode 2933: Fail
simulation episode 2934: Success
simulation episode 2935: Fail
simulation episode 2936: Fail
simulation episode 2937: Fail
simulation episode 2938: Success
simulation episode 2939: Fail
simulation episode 2940: Fail
simulation episode 2941: Success
simulation episode 2942: Fail
simulation episode 2943: Fail
simulation episode 2944: Fail
simulation episode 2945: Fail
simulation episode 2946: Success
simulation episode 2947: Fail
simulation episode 2948: Fail
simulation episode 2949: Fail
simulation episode 2950: Success
simulation episode 2951: Fail
simulation episode 2952: Fail
simulation episode 2953: Fail
simulation episode 2954: Fail
simulation episode 2955: Fail
simulation episode 2956: Fail
simulation episode 2957: Fail
simulation episode 2958: Fail
simulation episode 2959: Success
simulation episode 2960: Success
simulation episode 2961: Fail
simulation episode 2962: Fail
simulation episode 2963: Fail
simulation episode 2964: Fail
simulation episode 2965: Fail
simulation episode 2966: Fail
simulation episode 2967: Fail
simulation episode 2968: Fail
simulation episode 2969: Fail
simulation episode 2970: Success
simulation episode 2971: Success
simulation episode 2972: Success
simulation episode 2973: Success
simulation episode 2974: Fail
simulation episode 2975: Success
simulation episode 2976: Success
simulation episode 2977: Fail
simulation episode 2978: Fail
simulation episode 2979: Fail
simulation episode 2980: Fail
simulation episode 2981: Fail
simulation episode 2982: Success
simulation episode 2983: Fail
simulation episode 2984: Fail
simulation episode 2985: Fail
simulation episode 2986: Fail
simulation episode 2987: Fail
simulation episode 2988: Fail
simulation episode 2989: Fail
simulation episode 2990: Fail
simulation episode 2991: Fail
simulation episode 2992: Fail
simulation episode 2993: Fail
simulation episode 2994: Fail
simulation episode 2995: Fail
simulation episode 2996: Success
simulation episode 2997: Fail
simulation episode 2998: Fail
simulation episode 2999: Fail
simulation episode 3000: Fail
simulation episode 3001: Fail
simulation episode 3002: Success
simulation episode 3003: Success
simulation episode 3004: Fail
simulation episode 3005: Fail
simulation episode 3006: Fail
simulation episode 3007: Success
simulation episode 3008: Success
simulation episode 3009: Fail
simulation episode 3010: Fail
simulation episode 3011: Fail
simulation episode 3012: Success
simulation episode 3013: Fail
simulation episode 3014: Fail
simulation episode 3015: Success
simulation episode 3016: Success
simulation episode 3017: Fail
simulation episode 3018: Success
simulation episode 3019: Fail
simulation episode 3020: Fail
simulation episode 3021: Fail
simulation episode 3022: Fail
simulation episode 3023: Fail
simulation episode 3024: Fail
simulation episode 3025: Success
simulation episode 3026: Success
simulation episode 3027: Fail
simulation episode 3028: Fail
simulation episode 3029: Success
simulation episode 3030: Fail
simulation episode 3031: Fail
simulation episode 3032: Fail
simulation episode 3033: Fail
simulation episode 3034: Success
simulation episode 3035: Fail
simulation episode 3036: Fail
simulation episode 3037: Success
simulation episode 3038: Fail
simulation episode 3039: Fail
simulation episode 3040: Fail
simulation episode 3041: Fail
simulation episode 3042: Success
simulation episode 3043: Success
simulation episode 3044: Fail
simulation episode 3045: Success
simulation episode 3046: Fail
simulation episode 3047: Fail
simulation episode 3048: Fail
simulation episode 3049: Success
simulation episode 3050: Fail
simulation episode 3051: Success
simulation episode 3052: Fail
simulation episode 3053: Fail
simulation episode 3054: Fail
simulation episode 3055: Fail
simulation episode 3056: Success
simulation episode 3057: Fail
simulation episode 3058: Success
simulation episode 3059: Fail
simulation episode 3060: Fail
simulation episode 3061: Fail
simulation episode 3062: Fail
simulation episode 3063: Fail
simulation episode 3064: Success
simulation episode 3065: Fail
simulation episode 3066: Success
simulation episode 3067: Success
simulation episode 3068: Fail
simulation episode 3069: Fail
simulation episode 3070: Success
simulation episode 3071: Fail
simulation episode 3072: Success
simulation episode 3073: Success
simulation episode 3074: Fail
simulation episode 3075: Success
simulation episode 3076: Fail
simulation episode 3077: Fail
simulation episode 3078: Fail
simulation episode 3079: Fail
simulation episode 3080: Success
simulation episode 3081: Fail
simulation episode 3082: Fail
simulation episode 3083: Success
simulation episode 3084: Fail
simulation episode 3085: Success
simulation episode 3086: Fail
simulation episode 3087: Fail
simulation episode 3088: Success
simulation episode 3089: Success
simulation episode 3090: Fail
simulation episode 3091: Success
simulation episode 3092: Fail
simulation episode 3093: Fail
simulation episode 3094: Success
simulation episode 3095: Fail
simulation episode 3096: Success
simulation episode 3097: Success
simulation episode 3098: Fail
simulation episode 3099: Fail
simulation episode 3100: Fail
simulation episode 3101: Fail
simulation episode 3102: Fail
simulation episode 3103: Fail
simulation episode 3104: Fail
simulation episode 3105: Success
simulation episode 3106: Fail
simulation episode 3107: Success
simulation episode 3108: Fail
simulation episode 3109: Fail
simulation episode 3110: Fail
simulation episode 3111: Fail
simulation episode 3112: Success
simulation episode 3113: Fail
simulation episode 3114: Fail
simulation episode 3115: Success
simulation episode 3116: Success
simulation episode 3117: Fail
simulation episode 3118: Fail
simulation episode 3119: Fail
simulation episode 3120: Fail
simulation episode 3121: Fail
simulation episode 3122: Fail
simulation episode 3123: Fail
simulation episode 3124: Success
simulation episode 3125: Fail
simulation episode 3126: Success
simulation episode 3127: Success
simulation episode 3128: Fail
simulation episode 3129: Fail
simulation episode 3130: Success
simulation episode 3131: Success
simulation episode 3132: Fail
simulation episode 3133: Fail
simulation episode 3134: Fail
simulation episode 3135: Fail
simulation episode 3136: Fail
simulation episode 3137: Fail
simulation episode 3138: Fail
simulation episode 3139: Fail
simulation episode 3140: Success
simulation episode 3141: Fail
simulation episode 3142: Fail
simulation episode 3143: Fail
simulation episode 3144: Fail
simulation episode 3145: Fail
simulation episode 3146: Fail
simulation episode 3147: Fail
simulation episode 3148: Fail
simulation episode 3149: Fail
simulation episode 3150: Fail
simulation episode 3151: Fail
simulation episode 3152: Fail
simulation episode 3153: Success
simulation episode 3154: Success
simulation episode 3155: Fail
simulation episode 3156: Success
simulation episode 3157: Fail
simulation episode 3158: Fail
simulation episode 3159: Fail
simulation episode 3160: Success
simulation episode 3161: Fail
simulation episode 3162: Fail
simulation episode 3163: Fail
simulation episode 3164: Fail
simulation episode 3165: Fail
simulation episode 3166: Fail
simulation episode 3167: Fail
simulation episode 3168: Fail
simulation episode 3169: Fail
simulation episode 3170: Fail
simulation episode 3171: Success
simulation episode 3172: Fail
simulation episode 3173: Fail
simulation episode 3174: Fail
simulation episode 3175: Fail
simulation episode 3176: Fail
simulation episode 3177: Fail
simulation episode 3178: Fail
simulation episode 3179: Fail
simulation episode 3180: Success
simulation episode 3181: Success
simulation episode 3182: Success
simulation episode 3183: Success
simulation episode 3184: Fail
simulation episode 3185: Fail
simulation episode 3186: Fail
simulation episode 3187: Success
simulation episode 3188: Success
simulation episode 3189: Success
simulation episode 3190: Fail
simulation episode 3191: Fail
simulation episode 3192: Success
simulation episode 3193: Success
simulation episode 3194: Fail
simulation episode 3195: Success
simulation episode 3196: Fail
simulation episode 3197: Fail
simulation episode 3198: Fail
simulation episode 3199: Success
simulation episode 3200: Success
simulation episode 3201: Fail
simulation episode 3202: Fail
simulation episode 3203: Fail
simulation episode 3204: Fail
simulation episode 3205: Fail
simulation episode 3206: Fail
simulation episode 3207: Fail
simulation episode 3208: Fail
simulation episode 3209: Success
simulation episode 3210: Fail
simulation episode 3211: Fail
simulation episode 3212: Fail
simulation episode 3213: Fail
simulation episode 3214: Fail
simulation episode 3215: Success
simulation episode 3216: Fail
simulation episode 3217: Success
simulation episode 3218: Fail
simulation episode 3219: Fail
simulation episode 3220: Fail
simulation episode 3221: Fail
simulation episode 3222: Fail
simulation episode 3223: Fail
simulation episode 3224: Success
simulation episode 3225: Success
simulation episode 3226: Fail
simulation episode 3227: Success
simulation episode 3228: Success
simulation episode 3229: Success
simulation episode 3230: Fail
simulation episode 3231: Success
simulation episode 3232: Fail
simulation episode 3233: Success
simulation episode 3234: Success
simulation episode 3235: Success
simulation episode 3236: Fail
simulation episode 3237: Fail
simulation episode 3238: Fail
simulation episode 3239: Success
simulation episode 3240: Fail
simulation episode 3241: Fail
simulation episode 3242: Fail
simulation episode 3243: Fail
simulation episode 3244: Fail
simulation episode 3245: Success
simulation episode 3246: Fail
simulation episode 3247: Fail
simulation episode 3248: Fail
simulation episode 3249: Fail
simulation episode 3250: Fail
simulation episode 3251: Fail
simulation episode 3252: Fail
simulation episode 3253: Fail
simulation episode 3254: Fail
simulation episode 3255: Fail
simulation episode 3256: Success
simulation episode 3257: Fail
simulation episode 3258: Fail
simulation episode 3259: Fail
simulation episode 3260: Success
simulation episode 3261: Success
simulation episode 3262: Fail
simulation episode 3263: Success
simulation episode 3264: Fail
simulation episode 3265: Success
simulation episode 3266: Fail
simulation episode 3267: Fail
simulation episode 3268: Fail
simulation episode 3269: Fail
simulation episode 3270: Fail
simulation episode 3271: Fail
simulation episode 3272: Fail
simulation episode 3273: Fail
simulation episode 3274: Fail
simulation episode 3275: Fail
simulation episode 3276: Success
simulation episode 3277: Fail
simulation episode 3278: Fail
simulation episode 3279: Success
simulation episode 3280: Success
simulation episode 3281: Fail
simulation episode 3282: Fail
simulation episode 3283: Fail
simulation episode 3284: Fail
simulation episode 3285: Fail
simulation episode 3286: Fail
simulation episode 3287: Fail
simulation episode 3288: Fail
simulation episode 3289: Success
simulation episode 3290: Fail
simulation episode 3291: Success
simulation episode 3292: Success
simulation episode 3293: Fail
simulation episode 3294: Fail
simulation episode 3295: Fail
simulation episode 3296: Success
simulation episode 3297: Fail
simulation episode 3298: Fail
simulation episode 3299: Success
simulation episode 3300: Fail
simulation episode 3301: Fail
simulation episode 3302: Fail
simulation episode 3303: Success
simulation episode 3304: Success
simulation episode 3305: Success
simulation episode 3306: Success
simulation episode 3307: Fail
simulation episode 3308: Fail
simulation episode 3309: Fail
simulation episode 3310: Fail
simulation episode 3311: Success
simulation episode 3312: Fail
simulation episode 3313: Fail
simulation episode 3314: Success
simulation episode 3315: Success
simulation episode 3316: Fail
simulation episode 3317: Fail
simulation episode 3318: Fail
simulation episode 3319: Fail
simulation episode 3320: Success
simulation episode 3321: Fail
simulation episode 3322: Success
simulation episode 3323: Fail
simulation episode 3324: Success
simulation episode 3325: Success
simulation episode 3326: Fail
simulation episode 3327: Success
simulation episode 3328: Success
simulation episode 3329: Success
simulation episode 3330: Fail
simulation episode 3331: Success
simulation episode 3332: Success
simulation episode 3333: Success
simulation episode 3334: Success
simulation episode 3335: Success
simulation episode 3336: Fail
simulation episode 3337: Fail
simulation episode 3338: Fail
simulation episode 3339: Success
simulation episode 3340: Fail
simulation episode 3341: Fail
simulation episode 3342: Success
simulation episode 3343: Fail
simulation episode 3344: Fail
simulation episode 3345: Success
simulation episode 3346: Fail
simulation episode 3347: Fail
simulation episode 3348: Fail
simulation episode 3349: Fail
simulation episode 3350: Fail
simulation episode 3351: Success
simulation episode 3352: Fail
simulation episode 3353: Success
simulation episode 3354: Fail
simulation episode 3355: Success
simulation episode 3356: Fail
simulation episode 3357: Success
simulation episode 3358: Success
simulation episode 3359: Fail
simulation episode 3360: Fail
simulation episode 3361: Success
simulation episode 3362: Success
simulation episode 3363: Fail
simulation episode 3364: Success
simulation episode 3365: Success
simulation episode 3366: Success
simulation episode 3367: Fail
simulation episode 3368: Fail
simulation episode 3369: Success
simulation episode 3370: Fail
simulation episode 3371: Fail
simulation episode 3372: Success
simulation episode 3373: Success
simulation episode 3374: Fail
simulation episode 3375: Fail
simulation episode 3376: Success
simulation episode 3377: Fail
simulation episode 3378: Success
simulation episode 3379: Fail
simulation episode 3380: Success
simulation episode 3381: Fail
simulation episode 3382: Success
simulation episode 3383: Success
simulation episode 3384: Fail
simulation episode 3385: Fail
simulation episode 3386: Success
simulation episode 3387: Fail
simulation episode 3388: Fail
simulation episode 3389: Success
simulation episode 3390: Fail
simulation episode 3391: Fail
simulation episode 3392: Fail
simulation episode 3393: Success
simulation episode 3394: Fail
simulation episode 3395: Fail
simulation episode 3396: Fail
simulation episode 3397: Fail
simulation episode 3398: Success
simulation episode 3399: Fail
simulation episode 3400: Fail
simulation episode 3401: Fail
simulation episode 3402: Fail
simulation episode 3403: Fail
simulation episode 3404: Fail
simulation episode 3405: Fail
simulation episode 3406: Success
simulation episode 3407: Fail
simulation episode 3408: Fail
simulation episode 3409: Success
simulation episode 3410: Success
simulation episode 3411: Success
simulation episode 3412: Fail
simulation episode 3413: Success
simulation episode 3414: Fail
simulation episode 3415: Success
simulation episode 3416: Fail
simulation episode 3417: Success
simulation episode 3418: Fail
simulation episode 3419: Fail
simulation episode 3420: Fail
simulation episode 3421: Success
simulation episode 3422: Fail
simulation episode 3423: Success
simulation episode 3424: Fail
simulation episode 3425: Fail
simulation episode 3426: Success
simulation episode 3427: Success
simulation episode 3428: Fail
simulation episode 3429: Fail
simulation episode 3430: Fail
simulation episode 3431: Fail
simulation episode 3432: Fail
simulation episode 3433: Fail
simulation episode 3434: Fail
simulation episode 3435: Success
simulation episode 3436: Fail
simulation episode 3437: Fail
simulation episode 3438: Fail
simulation episode 3439: Fail
simulation episode 3440: Fail
simulation episode 3441: Success
simulation episode 3442: Fail
simulation episode 3443: Success
simulation episode 3444: Fail
simulation episode 3445: Fail
simulation episode 3446: Fail
simulation episode 3447: Fail
simulation episode 3448: Success
simulation episode 3449: Success
simulation episode 3450: Fail
simulation episode 3451: Fail
simulation episode 3452: Fail
simulation episode 3453: Fail
simulation episode 3454: Success
simulation episode 3455: Success
simulation episode 3456: Fail
simulation episode 3457: Success
simulation episode 3458: Fail
simulation episode 3459: Fail
simulation episode 3460: Success
simulation episode 3461: Fail
simulation episode 3462: Fail
simulation episode 3463: Fail
simulation episode 3464: Fail
simulation episode 3465: Fail
simulation episode 3466: Fail
simulation episode 3467: Fail
simulation episode 3468: Fail
simulation episode 3469: Fail
simulation episode 3470: Success
simulation episode 3471: Fail
simulation episode 3472: Success
simulation episode 3473: Fail
simulation episode 3474: Success
simulation episode 3475: Fail
simulation episode 3476: Fail
simulation episode 3477: Fail
simulation episode 3478: Success
simulation episode 3479: Fail
simulation episode 3480: Fail
simulation episode 3481: Fail
simulation episode 3482: Fail
simulation episode 3483: Success
simulation episode 3484: Fail
simulation episode 3485: Fail
simulation episode 3486: Success
simulation episode 3487: Success
simulation episode 3488: Fail
simulation episode 3489: Fail
simulation episode 3490: Success
simulation episode 3491: Fail
simulation episode 3492: Fail
simulation episode 3493: Success
simulation episode 3494: Success
simulation episode 3495: Fail
simulation episode 3496: Fail
simulation episode 3497: Fail
simulation episode 3498: Fail
simulation episode 3499: Fail
simulation episode 3500: Fail
simulation episode 3501: Fail
simulation episode 3502: Fail
simulation episode 3503: Fail
simulation episode 3504: Fail
simulation episode 3505: Fail
simulation episode 3506: Fail
simulation episode 3507: Success
simulation episode 3508: Fail
simulation episode 3509: Success
simulation episode 3510: Fail
simulation episode 3511: Fail
simulation episode 3512: Fail
simulation episode 3513: Success
simulation episode 3514: Fail
simulation episode 3515: Success
simulation episode 3516: Fail
simulation episode 3517: Fail
simulation episode 3518: Success
simulation episode 3519: Fail
simulation episode 3520: Fail
simulation episode 3521: Success
simulation episode 3522: Fail
simulation episode 3523: Fail
simulation episode 3524: Fail
simulation episode 3525: Fail
simulation episode 3526: Fail
simulation episode 3527: Success
simulation episode 3528: Fail
simulation episode 3529: Fail
simulation episode 3530: Success
simulation episode 3531: Fail
simulation episode 3532: Fail
simulation episode 3533: Success
simulation episode 3534: Success
simulation episode 3535: Fail
simulation episode 3536: Fail
simulation episode 3537: Success
simulation episode 3538: Fail
simulation episode 3539: Success
simulation episode 3540: Fail
simulation episode 3541: Success
simulation episode 3542: Success
simulation episode 3543: Success
simulation episode 3544: Fail
simulation episode 3545: Fail
simulation episode 3546: Fail
simulation episode 3547: Fail
simulation episode 3548: Fail
simulation episode 3549: Fail
simulation episode 3550: Success
simulation episode 3551: Fail
simulation episode 3552: Success
simulation episode 3553: Success
simulation episode 3554: Fail
simulation episode 3555: Fail
simulation episode 3556: Success
simulation episode 3557: Success
simulation episode 3558: Fail
simulation episode 3559: Fail
simulation episode 3560: Fail
simulation episode 3561: Fail
simulation episode 3562: Success
simulation episode 3563: Success
simulation episode 3564: Success
simulation episode 3565: Fail
simulation episode 3566: Fail
simulation episode 3567: Fail
simulation episode 3568: Fail
simulation episode 3569: Success
simulation episode 3570: Fail
simulation episode 3571: Fail
simulation episode 3572: Fail
simulation episode 3573: Success
simulation episode 3574: Success
simulation episode 3575: Fail
simulation episode 3576: Success
simulation episode 3577: Fail
simulation episode 3578: Success
simulation episode 3579: Fail
simulation episode 3580: Fail
simulation episode 3581: Fail
simulation episode 3582: Fail
simulation episode 3583: Fail
simulation episode 3584: Fail
simulation episode 3585: Fail
simulation episode 3586: Fail
simulation episode 3587: Fail
simulation episode 3588: Fail
simulation episode 3589: Fail
simulation episode 3590: Success
simulation episode 3591: Success
simulation episode 3592: Fail
simulation episode 3593: Success
simulation episode 3594: Success
simulation episode 3595: Fail
simulation episode 3596: Fail
simulation episode 3597: Fail
simulation episode 3598: Fail
simulation episode 3599: Fail
simulation episode 3600: Success
simulation episode 3601: Fail
simulation episode 3602: Success
simulation episode 3603: Fail
simulation episode 3604: Fail
simulation episode 3605: Fail
simulation episode 3606: Fail
simulation episode 3607: Fail
simulation episode 3608: Fail
simulation episode 3609: Fail
simulation episode 3610: Fail
simulation episode 3611: Success
simulation episode 3612: Fail
simulation episode 3613: Fail
simulation episode 3614: Fail
simulation episode 3615: Fail
simulation episode 3616: Fail
simulation episode 3617: Fail
simulation episode 3618: Fail
simulation episode 3619: Fail
simulation episode 3620: Fail
simulation episode 3621: Success
simulation episode 3622: Success
simulation episode 3623: Success
simulation episode 3624: Success
simulation episode 3625: Fail
simulation episode 3626: Fail
simulation episode 3627: Success
simulation episode 3628: Success
simulation episode 3629: Fail
simulation episode 3630: Success
simulation episode 3631: Success
simulation episode 3632: Fail
simulation episode 3633: Fail
simulation episode 3634: Success
simulation episode 3635: Fail
simulation episode 3636: Success
simulation episode 3637: Fail
simulation episode 3638: Fail
simulation episode 3639: Fail
simulation episode 3640: Success
simulation episode 3641: Success
simulation episode 3642: Fail
simulation episode 3643: Fail
simulation episode 3644: Fail
simulation episode 3645: Success
simulation episode 3646: Success
simulation episode 3647: Fail
simulation episode 3648: Fail
simulation episode 3649: Success
simulation episode 3650: Success
simulation episode 3651: Fail
simulation episode 3652: Fail
simulation episode 3653: Success
simulation episode 3654: Success
simulation episode 3655: Success
simulation episode 3656: Fail
simulation episode 3657: Fail
simulation episode 3658: Success
simulation episode 3659: Fail
simulation episode 3660: Fail
simulation episode 3661: Success
simulation episode 3662: Fail
simulation episode 3663: Success
simulation episode 3664: Success
simulation episode 3665: Fail
simulation episode 3666: Fail
simulation episode 3667: Fail
simulation episode 3668: Fail
simulation episode 3669: Fail
simulation episode 3670: Fail
simulation episode 3671: Success
simulation episode 3672: Success
simulation episode 3673: Success
simulation episode 3674: Success
simulation episode 3675: Success
simulation episode 3676: Fail
simulation episode 3677: Fail
simulation episode 3678: Success
simulation episode 3679: Fail
simulation episode 3680: Fail
simulation episode 3681: Fail
simulation episode 3682: Fail
simulation episode 3683: Fail
simulation episode 3684: Success
simulation episode 3685: Fail
simulation episode 3686: Fail
simulation episode 3687: Success
simulation episode 3688: Fail
simulation episode 3689: Success
simulation episode 3690: Fail
simulation episode 3691: Fail
simulation episode 3692: Fail
simulation episode 3693: Fail
simulation episode 3694: Fail
simulation episode 3695: Fail
simulation episode 3696: Fail
simulation episode 3697: Fail
simulation episode 3698: Fail
simulation episode 3699: Fail
simulation episode 3700: Fail
simulation episode 3701: Fail
simulation episode 3702: Fail
simulation episode 3703: Success
simulation episode 3704: Fail
simulation episode 3705: Fail
simulation episode 3706: Fail
simulation episode 3707: Success
simulation episode 3708: Fail
simulation episode 3709: Fail
simulation episode 3710: Success
simulation episode 3711: Success
simulation episode 3712: Fail
simulation episode 3713: Success
simulation episode 3714: Fail
simulation episode 3715: Fail
simulation episode 3716: Success
simulation episode 3717: Fail
simulation episode 3718: Success
simulation episode 3719: Fail
simulation episode 3720: Success
simulation episode 3721: Success
simulation episode 3722: Success
simulation episode 3723: Success
simulation episode 3724: Fail
simulation episode 3725: Fail
simulation episode 3726: Success
simulation episode 3727: Fail
simulation episode 3728: Fail
simulation episode 3729: Fail
simulation episode 3730: Fail
simulation episode 3731: Fail
simulation episode 3732: Fail
simulation episode 3733: Success
simulation episode 3734: Success
simulation episode 3735: Fail
simulation episode 3736: Fail
simulation episode 3737: Fail
simulation episode 3738: Success
simulation episode 3739: Fail
simulation episode 3740: Success
simulation episode 3741: Fail
simulation episode 3742: Fail
simulation episode 3743: Fail
simulation episode 3744: Fail
simulation episode 3745: Fail
simulation episode 3746: Success
simulation episode 3747: Fail
simulation episode 3748: Fail
simulation episode 3749: Fail
simulation episode 3750: Fail
simulation episode 3751: Fail
simulation episode 3752: Success
simulation episode 3753: Fail
simulation episode 3754: Success
simulation episode 3755: Fail
simulation episode 3756: Fail
simulation episode 3757: Success
simulation episode 3758: Fail
simulation episode 3759: Success
simulation episode 3760: Success
simulation episode 3761: Fail
simulation episode 3762: Success
simulation episode 3763: Fail
simulation episode 3764: Fail
simulation episode 3765: Fail
simulation episode 3766: Success
simulation episode 3767: Fail
simulation episode 3768: Success
simulation episode 3769: Fail
simulation episode 3770: Fail
simulation episode 3771: Fail
simulation episode 3772: Fail
simulation episode 3773: Fail
simulation episode 3774: Success
simulation episode 3775: Fail
simulation episode 3776: Fail
simulation episode 3777: Fail
simulation episode 3778: Success
simulation episode 3779: Fail
simulation episode 3780: Fail
simulation episode 3781: Success
simulation episode 3782: Fail
simulation episode 3783: Success
simulation episode 3784: Fail
simulation episode 3785: Fail
simulation episode 3786: Fail
simulation episode 3787: Fail
simulation episode 3788: Success
simulation episode 3789: Fail
simulation episode 3790: Fail
simulation episode 3791: Success
simulation episode 3792: Fail
simulation episode 3793: Fail
simulation episode 3794: Success
simulation episode 3795: Fail
simulation episode 3796: Success
simulation episode 3797: Success
simulation episode 3798: Fail
simulation episode 3799: Fail
simulation episode 3800: Fail
simulation episode 3801: Success
simulation episode 3802: Fail
simulation episode 3803: Fail
simulation episode 3804: Fail
simulation episode 3805: Fail
simulation episode 3806: Fail
simulation episode 3807: Fail
simulation episode 3808: Fail
simulation episode 3809: Fail
simulation episode 3810: Success
simulation episode 3811: Fail
simulation episode 3812: Success
simulation episode 3813: Fail
simulation episode 3814: Fail
simulation episode 3815: Success
simulation episode 3816: Fail
simulation episode 3817: Success
simulation episode 3818: Fail
simulation episode 3819: Fail
simulation episode 3820: Fail
simulation episode 3821: Success
simulation episode 3822: Fail
simulation episode 3823: Fail
simulation episode 3824: Fail
simulation episode 3825: Fail
simulation episode 3826: Fail
simulation episode 3827: Success
simulation episode 3828: Success
simulation episode 3829: Fail
simulation episode 3830: Fail
simulation episode 3831: Fail
simulation episode 3832: Fail
simulation episode 3833: Fail
simulation episode 3834: Success
simulation episode 3835: Success
simulation episode 3836: Success
simulation episode 3837: Fail
simulation episode 3838: Fail
simulation episode 3839: Fail
simulation episode 3840: Fail
simulation episode 3841: Fail
simulation episode 3842: Success
simulation episode 3843: Fail
simulation episode 3844: Fail
simulation episode 3845: Success
simulation episode 3846: Success
simulation episode 3847: Fail
simulation episode 3848: Fail
simulation episode 3849: Fail
simulation episode 3850: Fail
simulation episode 3851: Fail
simulation episode 3852: Fail
simulation episode 3853: Success
simulation episode 3854: Fail
simulation episode 3855: Success
simulation episode 3856: Fail
simulation episode 3857: Fail
simulation episode 3858: Fail
simulation episode 3859: Success
simulation episode 3860: Fail
simulation episode 3861: Success
simulation episode 3862: Fail
simulation episode 3863: Fail
simulation episode 3864: Fail
simulation episode 3865: Success
simulation episode 3866: Fail
simulation episode 3867: Fail
simulation episode 3868: Fail
simulation episode 3869: Success
simulation episode 3870: Fail
simulation episode 3871: Fail
simulation episode 3872: Fail
simulation episode 3873: Success
simulation episode 3874: Fail
simulation episode 3875: Success
simulation episode 3876: Success
simulation episode 3877: Fail
simulation episode 3878: Fail
simulation episode 3879: Fail
simulation episode 3880: Fail
simulation episode 3881: Success
simulation episode 3882: Fail
simulation episode 3883: Fail
simulation episode 3884: Fail
simulation episode 3885: Success
simulation episode 3886: Success
simulation episode 3887: Success
simulation episode 3888: Success
simulation episode 3889: Fail
simulation episode 3890: Fail
simulation episode 3891: Success
simulation episode 3892: Fail
simulation episode 3893: Fail
simulation episode 3894: Success
simulation episode 3895: Success
simulation episode 3896: Success
simulation episode 3897: Fail
simulation episode 3898: Success
simulation episode 3899: Fail
simulation episode 3900: Success
simulation episode 3901: Fail
simulation episode 3902: Fail
simulation episode 3903: Fail
simulation episode 3904: Fail
simulation episode 3905: Success
simulation episode 3906: Fail
simulation episode 3907: Success
simulation episode 3908: Fail
simulation episode 3909: Fail
simulation episode 3910: Success
simulation episode 3911: Fail
simulation episode 3912: Fail
simulation episode 3913: Fail
simulation episode 3914: Success
simulation episode 3915: Fail
simulation episode 3916: Fail
simulation episode 3917: Fail
simulation episode 3918: Fail
simulation episode 3919: Success
simulation episode 3920: Success
simulation episode 3921: Success
simulation episode 3922: Fail
simulation episode 3923: Success
simulation episode 3924: Fail
simulation episode 3925: Fail
simulation episode 3926: Success
simulation episode 3927: Fail
simulation episode 3928: Fail
simulation episode 3929: Success
simulation episode 3930: Fail
simulation episode 3931: Fail
simulation episode 3932: Fail
simulation episode 3933: Success
simulation episode 3934: Fail
simulation episode 3935: Fail
simulation episode 3936: Success
simulation episode 3937: Fail
simulation episode 3938: Fail
simulation episode 3939: Fail
simulation episode 3940: Fail
simulation episode 3941: Fail
simulation episode 3942: Success
simulation episode 3943: Success
simulation episode 3944: Success
simulation episode 3945: Fail
simulation episode 3946: Success
simulation episode 3947: Fail
simulation episode 3948: Fail
simulation episode 3949: Fail
simulation episode 3950: Fail
simulation episode 3951: Fail
simulation episode 3952: Fail
simulation episode 3953: Success
simulation episode 3954: Fail
simulation episode 3955: Fail
simulation episode 3956: Fail
simulation episode 3957: Success
simulation episode 3958: Fail
simulation episode 3959: Fail
simulation episode 3960: Success
simulation episode 3961: Fail
simulation episode 3962: Fail
simulation episode 3963: Fail
simulation episode 3964: Fail
simulation episode 3965: Success
simulation episode 3966: Success
simulation episode 3967: Fail
simulation episode 3968: Success
simulation episode 3969: Success
simulation episode 3970: Success
simulation episode 3971: Fail
simulation episode 3972: Success
simulation episode 3973: Success
simulation episode 3974: Fail
simulation episode 3975: Fail
simulation episode 3976: Fail
simulation episode 3977: Fail
simulation episode 3978: Success
simulation episode 3979: Fail
simulation episode 3980: Fail
simulation episode 3981: Success
simulation episode 3982: Fail
simulation episode 3983: Fail
simulation episode 3984: Success
simulation episode 3985: Fail
simulation episode 3986: Fail
simulation episode 3987: Success
simulation episode 3988: Fail
simulation episode 3989: Success
simulation episode 3990: Success
simulation episode 3991: Success
simulation episode 3992: Fail
simulation episode 3993: Fail
simulation episode 3994: Success
simulation episode 3995: Fail
simulation episode 3996: Fail
simulation episode 3997: Success
simulation episode 3998: Success
simulation episode 3999: Fail
simulation episode 4000: Fail
simulation episode 4001: Fail
simulation episode 4002: Fail
simulation episode 4003: Success
simulation episode 4004: Success
simulation episode 4005: Success
simulation episode 4006: Success
simulation episode 4007: Fail
simulation episode 4008: Success
simulation episode 4009: Fail
simulation episode 4010: Success
simulation episode 4011: Success
simulation episode 4012: Fail
simulation episode 4013: Fail
simulation episode 4014: Success
simulation episode 4015: Fail
simulation episode 4016: Fail
simulation episode 4017: Success
simulation episode 4018: Fail
simulation episode 4019: Fail
simulation episode 4020: Fail
simulation episode 4021: Fail
simulation episode 4022: Fail
simulation episode 4023: Fail
simulation episode 4024: Success
simulation episode 4025: Fail
simulation episode 4026: Fail
simulation episode 4027: Fail
simulation episode 4028: Success
simulation episode 4029: Success
simulation episode 4030: Fail
simulation episode 4031: Fail
simulation episode 4032: Fail
simulation episode 4033: Fail
simulation episode 4034: Fail
simulation episode 4035: Fail
simulation episode 4036: Fail
simulation episode 4037: Fail
simulation episode 4038: Success
simulation episode 4039: Fail
simulation episode 4040: Fail
simulation episode 4041: Fail
simulation episode 4042: Fail
simulation episode 4043: Fail
simulation episode 4044: Fail
simulation episode 4045: Success
simulation episode 4046: Fail
simulation episode 4047: Success
simulation episode 4048: Fail
simulation episode 4049: Fail
simulation episode 4050: Success
simulation episode 4051: Fail
simulation episode 4052: Success
simulation episode 4053: Fail
simulation episode 4054: Fail
simulation episode 4055: Success
simulation episode 4056: Fail
simulation episode 4057: Fail
simulation episode 4058: Success
simulation episode 4059: Fail
simulation episode 4060: Fail
simulation episode 4061: Success
simulation episode 4062: Fail
simulation episode 4063: Success
simulation episode 4064: Fail
simulation episode 4065: Fail
simulation episode 4066: Success
simulation episode 4067: Fail
simulation episode 4068: Success
simulation episode 4069: Fail
simulation episode 4070: Success
simulation episode 4071: Fail
simulation episode 4072: Fail
simulation episode 4073: Fail
simulation episode 4074: Fail
simulation episode 4075: Success
simulation episode 4076: Success
simulation episode 4077: Success
simulation episode 4078: Fail
simulation episode 4079: Fail
simulation episode 4080: Fail
simulation episode 4081: Fail
simulation episode 4082: Fail
simulation episode 4083: Fail
simulation episode 4084: Fail
simulation episode 4085: Fail
simulation episode 4086: Fail
simulation episode 4087: Success
simulation episode 4088: Fail
simulation episode 4089: Fail
simulation episode 4090: Success
simulation episode 4091: Success
simulation episode 4092: Success
simulation episode 4093: Success
simulation episode 4094: Fail
simulation episode 4095: Fail
simulation episode 4096: Fail
simulation episode 4097: Fail
simulation episode 4098: Fail
simulation episode 4099: Fail
simulation episode 4100: Fail
simulation episode 4101: Fail
simulation episode 4102: Success
simulation episode 4103: Fail
simulation episode 4104: Fail
simulation episode 4105: Success
simulation episode 4106: Success
simulation episode 4107: Success
simulation episode 4108: Fail
simulation episode 4109: Success
simulation episode 4110: Fail
simulation episode 4111: Success
simulation episode 4112: Fail
simulation episode 4113: Fail
simulation episode 4114: Success
simulation episode 4115: Fail
simulation episode 4116: Fail
simulation episode 4117: Fail
simulation episode 4118: Fail
simulation episode 4119: Success
simulation episode 4120: Fail
simulation episode 4121: Fail
simulation episode 4122: Fail
simulation episode 4123: Fail
simulation episode 4124: Fail
simulation episode 4125: Fail
simulation episode 4126: Fail
simulation episode 4127: Fail
simulation episode 4128: Fail
simulation episode 4129: Fail
simulation episode 4130: Fail
simulation episode 4131: Fail
simulation episode 4132: Fail
simulation episode 4133: Success
simulation episode 4134: Success
simulation episode 4135: Success
simulation episode 4136: Success
simulation episode 4137: Success
simulation episode 4138: Success
simulation episode 4139: Fail
simulation episode 4140: Fail
simulation episode 4141: Fail
simulation episode 4142: Fail
simulation episode 4143: Fail
simulation episode 4144: Success
simulation episode 4145: Fail
simulation episode 4146: Fail
simulation episode 4147: Success
simulation episode 4148: Fail
simulation episode 4149: Fail
simulation episode 4150: Fail
simulation episode 4151: Fail
simulation episode 4152: Success
simulation episode 4153: Success
simulation episode 4154: Fail
simulation episode 4155: Fail
simulation episode 4156: Success
simulation episode 4157: Fail
simulation episode 4158: Success
simulation episode 4159: Success
simulation episode 4160: Fail
simulation episode 4161: Success
simulation episode 4162: Fail
simulation episode 4163: Fail
simulation episode 4164: Fail
simulation episode 4165: Fail
simulation episode 4166: Fail
simulation episode 4167: Fail
simulation episode 4168: Fail
simulation episode 4169: Success
simulation episode 4170: Fail
simulation episode 4171: Fail
simulation episode 4172: Fail
simulation episode 4173: Fail
simulation episode 4174: Fail
simulation episode 4175: Success
simulation episode 4176: Fail
simulation episode 4177: Fail
simulation episode 4178: Success
simulation episode 4179: Fail
simulation episode 4180: Fail
simulation episode 4181: Fail
simulation episode 4182: Fail
simulation episode 4183: Fail
simulation episode 4184: Fail
simulation episode 4185: Success
simulation episode 4186: Fail
simulation episode 4187: Fail
simulation episode 4188: Success
simulation episode 4189: Fail
simulation episode 4190: Fail
simulation episode 4191: Fail
simulation episode 4192: Fail
simulation episode 4193: Fail
simulation episode 4194: Success
simulation episode 4195: Success
simulation episode 4196: Success
simulation episode 4197: Success
simulation episode 4198: Success
simulation episode 4199: Fail
simulation episode 4200: Fail
simulation episode 4201: Success
simulation episode 4202: Fail
simulation episode 4203: Success
simulation episode 4204: Success
simulation episode 4205: Success
simulation episode 4206: Success
simulation episode 4207: Success
simulation episode 4208: Success
simulation episode 4209: Fail
simulation episode 4210: Success
simulation episode 4211: Fail
simulation episode 4212: Success
simulation episode 4213: Fail
simulation episode 4214: Success
simulation episode 4215: Success
simulation episode 4216: Fail
simulation episode 4217: Fail
simulation episode 4218: Fail
simulation episode 4219: Fail
simulation episode 4220: Success
simulation episode 4221: Success
simulation episode 4222: Success
simulation episode 4223: Fail
simulation episode 4224: Fail
simulation episode 4225: Fail
simulation episode 4226: Success
simulation episode 4227: Fail
simulation episode 4228: Fail
simulation episode 4229: Fail
simulation episode 4230: Fail
simulation episode 4231: Fail
simulation episode 4232: Success
simulation episode 4233: Success
simulation episode 4234: Fail
simulation episode 4235: Success
simulation episode 4236: Fail
simulation episode 4237: Fail
simulation episode 4238: Success
simulation episode 4239: Fail
simulation episode 4240: Fail
simulation episode 4241: Fail
simulation episode 4242: Fail
simulation episode 4243: Success
simulation episode 4244: Fail
simulation episode 4245: Fail
simulation episode 4246: Fail
simulation episode 4247: Fail
simulation episode 4248: Fail
simulation episode 4249: Fail
simulation episode 4250: Fail
simulation episode 4251: Fail
simulation episode 4252: Success
simulation episode 4253: Success
simulation episode 4254: Success
simulation episode 4255: Fail
simulation episode 4256: Fail
simulation episode 4257: Fail
simulation episode 4258: Fail
simulation episode 4259: Fail
simulation episode 4260: Fail
simulation episode 4261: Fail
simulation episode 4262: Fail
simulation episode 4263: Fail
simulation episode 4264: Fail
simulation episode 4265: Fail
simulation episode 4266: Fail
simulation episode 4267: Success
simulation episode 4268: Fail
simulation episode 4269: Fail
simulation episode 4270: Fail
simulation episode 4271: Fail
simulation episode 4272: Success
simulation episode 4273: Fail
simulation episode 4274: Fail
simulation episode 4275: Fail
simulation episode 4276: Fail
simulation episode 4277: Fail
simulation episode 4278: Fail
simulation episode 4279: Success
simulation episode 4280: Fail
simulation episode 4281: Fail
simulation episode 4282: Success
simulation episode 4283: Success
simulation episode 4284: Fail
simulation episode 4285: Fail
simulation episode 4286: Fail
simulation episode 4287: Fail
simulation episode 4288: Fail
simulation episode 4289: Fail
simulation episode 4290: Fail
simulation episode 4291: Fail
simulation episode 4292: Fail
simulation episode 4293: Fail
simulation episode 4294: Fail
simulation episode 4295: Fail
simulation episode 4296: Success
simulation episode 4297: Fail
simulation episode 4298: Success
simulation episode 4299: Fail
simulation episode 4300: Fail
simulation episode 4301: Fail
simulation episode 4302: Fail
simulation episode 4303: Success
simulation episode 4304: Success
simulation episode 4305: Fail
simulation episode 4306: Fail
simulation episode 4307: Success
simulation episode 4308: Fail
simulation episode 4309: Fail
simulation episode 4310: Fail
simulation episode 4311: Fail
simulation episode 4312: Success
simulation episode 4313: Fail
simulation episode 4314: Success
simulation episode 4315: Success
simulation episode 4316: Fail
simulation episode 4317: Fail
simulation episode 4318: Fail
simulation episode 4319: Fail
simulation episode 4320: Fail
simulation episode 4321: Fail
simulation episode 4322: Success
simulation episode 4323: Success
simulation episode 4324: Fail
simulation episode 4325: Fail
simulation episode 4326: Success
simulation episode 4327: Fail
simulation episode 4328: Fail
simulation episode 4329: Fail
simulation episode 4330: Fail
simulation episode 4331: Fail
simulation episode 4332: Fail
simulation episode 4333: Success
simulation episode 4334: Fail
simulation episode 4335: Fail
simulation episode 4336: Success
simulation episode 4337: Fail
simulation episode 4338: Fail
simulation episode 4339: Fail
simulation episode 4340: Fail
simulation episode 4341: Fail
simulation episode 4342: Fail
simulation episode 4343: Fail
simulation episode 4344: Fail
simulation episode 4345: Fail
simulation episode 4346: Success
simulation episode 4347: Fail
simulation episode 4348: Fail
simulation episode 4349: Success
simulation episode 4350: Fail
simulation episode 4351: Fail
simulation episode 4352: Success
simulation episode 4353: Fail
simulation episode 4354: Success
simulation episode 4355: Fail
simulation episode 4356: Success
simulation episode 4357: Success
simulation episode 4358: Success
simulation episode 4359: Fail
simulation episode 4360: Success
simulation episode 4361: Fail
simulation episode 4362: Success
simulation episode 4363: Success
simulation episode 4364: Success
simulation episode 4365: Fail
simulation episode 4366: Fail
simulation episode 4367: Fail
simulation episode 4368: Fail
simulation episode 4369: Success
simulation episode 4370: Success
simulation episode 4371: Fail
simulation episode 4372: Success
simulation episode 4373: Fail
simulation episode 4374: Success
simulation episode 4375: Fail
simulation episode 4376: Fail
simulation episode 4377: Fail
simulation episode 4378: Fail
simulation episode 4379: Fail
simulation episode 4380: Fail
simulation episode 4381: Fail
simulation episode 4382: Fail
simulation episode 4383: Fail
simulation episode 4384: Success
simulation episode 4385: Fail
simulation episode 4386: Fail
simulation episode 4387: Fail
simulation episode 4388: Fail
simulation episode 4389: Fail
simulation episode 4390: Fail
simulation episode 4391: Fail
simulation episode 4392: Fail
simulation episode 4393: Fail
simulation episode 4394: Fail
simulation episode 4395: Fail
simulation episode 4396: Fail
simulation episode 4397: Success
simulation episode 4398: Fail
simulation episode 4399: Fail
simulation episode 4400: Success
simulation episode 4401: Success
simulation episode 4402: Fail
simulation episode 4403: Fail
simulation episode 4404: Fail
simulation episode 4405: Fail
simulation episode 4406: Fail
simulation episode 4407: Fail
simulation episode 4408: Fail
simulation episode 4409: Fail
simulation episode 4410: Success
simulation episode 4411: Fail
simulation episode 4412: Success
simulation episode 4413: Fail
simulation episode 4414: Fail
simulation episode 4415: Fail
simulation episode 4416: Fail
simulation episode 4417: Fail
simulation episode 4418: Fail
simulation episode 4419: Success
simulation episode 4420: Success
simulation episode 4421: Success
simulation episode 4422: Success
simulation episode 4423: Fail
simulation episode 4424: Success
simulation episode 4425: Fail
simulation episode 4426: Success
simulation episode 4427: Fail
simulation episode 4428: Fail
simulation episode 4429: Fail
simulation episode 4430: Fail
simulation episode 4431: Success
simulation episode 4432: Success
simulation episode 4433: Success
simulation episode 4434: Fail
simulation episode 4435: Fail
simulation episode 4436: Fail
simulation episode 4437: Success
simulation episode 4438: Fail
simulation episode 4439: Fail
simulation episode 4440: Fail
simulation episode 4441: Success
simulation episode 4442: Success
simulation episode 4443: Fail
simulation episode 4444: Success
simulation episode 4445: Fail
simulation episode 4446: Fail
simulation episode 4447: Fail
simulation episode 4448: Fail
simulation episode 4449: Success
simulation episode 4450: Success
simulation episode 4451: Fail
simulation episode 4452: Fail
simulation episode 4453: Success
simulation episode 4454: Fail
simulation episode 4455: Fail
simulation episode 4456: Fail
simulation episode 4457: Fail
simulation episode 4458: Fail
simulation episode 4459: Success
simulation episode 4460: Success
simulation episode 4461: Fail
simulation episode 4462: Fail
simulation episode 4463: Fail
simulation episode 4464: Fail
simulation episode 4465: Fail
simulation episode 4466: Success
simulation episode 4467: Success
simulation episode 4468: Success
simulation episode 4469: Fail
simulation episode 4470: Fail
simulation episode 4471: Fail
simulation episode 4472: Success
simulation episode 4473: Fail
simulation episode 4474: Success
simulation episode 4475: Fail
simulation episode 4476: Fail
simulation episode 4477: Success
simulation episode 4478: Fail
simulation episode 4479: Fail
simulation episode 4480: Fail
simulation episode 4481: Fail
simulation episode 4482: Fail
simulation episode 4483: Success
simulation episode 4484: Fail
simulation episode 4485: Fail
simulation episode 4486: Fail
simulation episode 4487: Success
simulation episode 4488: Fail
simulation episode 4489: Fail
simulation episode 4490: Fail
simulation episode 4491: Fail
simulation episode 4492: Fail
simulation episode 4493: Fail
simulation episode 4494: Fail
simulation episode 4495: Fail
simulation episode 4496: Fail
simulation episode 4497: Success
simulation episode 4498: Fail
simulation episode 4499: Fail
simulation episode 4500: Fail
simulation episode 4501: Fail
simulation episode 4502: Fail
simulation episode 4503: Fail
simulation episode 4504: Fail
simulation episode 4505: Fail
simulation episode 4506: Success
simulation episode 4507: Fail
simulation episode 4508: Fail
simulation episode 4509: Success
simulation episode 4510: Success
simulation episode 4511: Success
simulation episode 4512: Success
simulation episode 4513: Success
simulation episode 4514: Fail
simulation episode 4515: Fail
simulation episode 4516: Fail
simulation episode 4517: Success
simulation episode 4518: Success
simulation episode 4519: Fail
simulation episode 4520: Fail
simulation episode 4521: Fail
simulation episode 4522: Fail
simulation episode 4523: Fail
simulation episode 4524: Success
simulation episode 4525: Fail
simulation episode 4526: Success
simulation episode 4527: Fail
simulation episode 4528: Success
simulation episode 4529: Success
simulation episode 4530: Fail
simulation episode 4531: Fail
simulation episode 4532: Fail
simulation episode 4533: Fail
simulation episode 4534: Fail
simulation episode 4535: Fail
simulation episode 4536: Fail
simulation episode 4537: Fail
simulation episode 4538: Fail
simulation episode 4539: Success
simulation episode 4540: Fail
simulation episode 4541: Fail
simulation episode 4542: Fail
simulation episode 4543: Fail
simulation episode 4544: Fail
simulation episode 4545: Fail
simulation episode 4546: Fail
simulation episode 4547: Fail
simulation episode 4548: Fail
simulation episode 4549: Fail
simulation episode 4550: Fail
simulation episode 4551: Success
simulation episode 4552: Fail
simulation episode 4553: Success
simulation episode 4554: Success
simulation episode 4555: Fail
simulation episode 4556: Success
simulation episode 4557: Fail
simulation episode 4558: Fail
simulation episode 4559: Fail
simulation episode 4560: Success
simulation episode 4561: Success
simulation episode 4562: Success
simulation episode 4563: Success
simulation episode 4564: Success
simulation episode 4565: Success
simulation episode 4566: Success
simulation episode 4567: Fail
simulation episode 4568: Fail
simulation episode 4569: Fail
simulation episode 4570: Fail
simulation episode 4571: Fail
simulation episode 4572: Fail
simulation episode 4573: Fail
simulation episode 4574: Fail
simulation episode 4575: Fail
simulation episode 4576: Fail
simulation episode 4577: Success
simulation episode 4578: Fail
simulation episode 4579: Fail
simulation episode 4580: Fail
simulation episode 4581: Fail
simulation episode 4582: Fail
simulation episode 4583: Fail
simulation episode 4584: Success
simulation episode 4585: Fail
simulation episode 4586: Fail
simulation episode 4587: Success
simulation episode 4588: Success
simulation episode 4589: Fail
simulation episode 4590: Fail
simulation episode 4591: Success
simulation episode 4592: Success
simulation episode 4593: Success
simulation episode 4594: Fail
simulation episode 4595: Success
simulation episode 4596: Fail
simulation episode 4597: Success
simulation episode 4598: Success
simulation episode 4599: Fail
simulation episode 4600: Fail
simulation episode 4601: Fail
simulation episode 4602: Fail
simulation episode 4603: Fail
simulation episode 4604: Fail
simulation episode 4605: Fail
simulation episode 4606: Success
simulation episode 4607: Success
simulation episode 4608: Fail
simulation episode 4609: Success
simulation episode 4610: Fail
simulation episode 4611: Success
simulation episode 4612: Fail
simulation episode 4613: Fail
simulation episode 4614: Fail
simulation episode 4615: Fail
simulation episode 4616: Fail
simulation episode 4617: Success
simulation episode 4618: Success
simulation episode 4619: Fail
simulation episode 4620: Success
simulation episode 4621: Fail
simulation episode 4622: Fail
simulation episode 4623: Success
simulation episode 4624: Fail
simulation episode 4625: Success
simulation episode 4626: Fail
simulation episode 4627: Success
simulation episode 4628: Fail
simulation episode 4629: Fail
simulation episode 4630: Fail
simulation episode 4631: Fail
simulation episode 4632: Success
simulation episode 4633: Fail
simulation episode 4634: Fail
simulation episode 4635: Success
simulation episode 4636: Fail
simulation episode 4637: Fail
simulation episode 4638: Success
simulation episode 4639: Fail
simulation episode 4640: Success
simulation episode 4641: Fail
simulation episode 4642: Success
simulation episode 4643: Fail
simulation episode 4644: Success
simulation episode 4645: Success
simulation episode 4646: Success
simulation episode 4647: Fail
simulation episode 4648: Fail
simulation episode 4649: Success
simulation episode 4650: Fail
simulation episode 4651: Success
simulation episode 4652: Fail
simulation episode 4653: Fail
simulation episode 4654: Fail
simulation episode 4655: Fail
simulation episode 4656: Success
simulation episode 4657: Success
simulation episode 4658: Fail
simulation episode 4659: Success
simulation episode 4660: Fail
simulation episode 4661: Success
simulation episode 4662: Success
simulation episode 4663: Success
simulation episode 4664: Fail
simulation episode 4665: Success
simulation episode 4666: Fail
simulation episode 4667: Fail
simulation episode 4668: Success
simulation episode 4669: Success
simulation episode 4670: Fail
simulation episode 4671: Fail
simulation episode 4672: Fail
simulation episode 4673: Fail
simulation episode 4674: Fail
simulation episode 4675: Fail
simulation episode 4676: Fail
simulation episode 4677: Success
simulation episode 4678: Fail
simulation episode 4679: Fail
simulation episode 4680: Fail
simulation episode 4681: Success
simulation episode 4682: Fail
simulation episode 4683: Fail
simulation episode 4684: Fail
simulation episode 4685: Success
simulation episode 4686: Success
simulation episode 4687: Fail
simulation episode 4688: Success
simulation episode 4689: Fail
simulation episode 4690: Fail
simulation episode 4691: Fail
simulation episode 4692: Fail
simulation episode 4693: Success
simulation episode 4694: Success
simulation episode 4695: Fail
simulation episode 4696: Fail
simulation episode 4697: Fail
simulation episode 4698: Success
simulation episode 4699: Success
simulation episode 4700: Success
simulation episode 4701: Success
simulation episode 4702: Fail
simulation episode 4703: Fail
simulation episode 4704: Fail
simulation episode 4705: Fail
simulation episode 4706: Fail
simulation episode 4707: Success
simulation episode 4708: Success
simulation episode 4709: Fail
simulation episode 4710: Fail
simulation episode 4711: Fail
simulation episode 4712: Fail
simulation episode 4713: Success
simulation episode 4714: Fail
simulation episode 4715: Fail
simulation episode 4716: Fail
simulation episode 4717: Fail
simulation episode 4718: Success
simulation episode 4719: Fail
simulation episode 4720: Success
simulation episode 4721: Fail
simulation episode 4722: Fail
simulation episode 4723: Fail
simulation episode 4724: Fail
simulation episode 4725: Success
simulation episode 4726: Fail
simulation episode 4727: Fail
simulation episode 4728: Success
simulation episode 4729: Fail
simulation episode 4730: Success
simulation episode 4731: Fail
simulation episode 4732: Fail
simulation episode 4733: Success
simulation episode 4734: Fail
simulation episode 4735: Fail
simulation episode 4736: Fail
simulation episode 4737: Fail
simulation episode 4738: Success
simulation episode 4739: Success
simulation episode 4740: Success
simulation episode 4741: Success
simulation episode 4742: Fail
simulation episode 4743: Fail
simulation episode 4744: Fail
simulation episode 4745: Fail
simulation episode 4746: Success
simulation episode 4747: Fail
simulation episode 4748: Success
simulation episode 4749: Fail
simulation episode 4750: Fail
simulation episode 4751: Success
simulation episode 4752: Fail
simulation episode 4753: Success
simulation episode 4754: Fail
simulation episode 4755: Fail
simulation episode 4756: Fail
simulation episode 4757: Fail
simulation episode 4758: Fail
simulation episode 4759: Fail
simulation episode 4760: Success
simulation episode 4761: Fail
simulation episode 4762: Success
simulation episode 4763: Success
simulation episode 4764: Fail
simulation episode 4765: Fail
simulation episode 4766: Fail
simulation episode 4767: Fail
simulation episode 4768: Fail
simulation episode 4769: Success
simulation episode 4770: Fail
simulation episode 4771: Success
simulation episode 4772: Fail
simulation episode 4773: Fail
simulation episode 4774: Fail
simulation episode 4775: Fail
simulation episode 4776: Fail
simulation episode 4777: Fail
simulation episode 4778: Fail
simulation episode 4779: Fail
simulation episode 4780: Fail
simulation episode 4781: Fail
simulation episode 4782: Fail
simulation episode 4783: Fail
simulation episode 4784: Success
simulation episode 4785: Fail
simulation episode 4786: Success
simulation episode 4787: Fail
simulation episode 4788: Success
simulation episode 4789: Fail
simulation episode 4790: Fail
simulation episode 4791: Fail
simulation episode 4792: Fail
simulation episode 4793: Fail
simulation episode 4794: Success
simulation episode 4795: Success
simulation episode 4796: Success
simulation episode 4797: Fail
simulation episode 4798: Fail
simulation episode 4799: Success
simulation episode 4800: Fail
simulation episode 4801: Fail
simulation episode 4802: Fail
simulation episode 4803: Fail
simulation episode 4804: Fail
simulation episode 4805: Fail
simulation episode 4806: Fail
simulation episode 4807: Fail
simulation episode 4808: Fail
simulation episode 4809: Fail
simulation episode 4810: Fail
simulation episode 4811: Fail
simulation episode 4812: Fail
simulation episode 4813: Success
simulation episode 4814: Success
simulation episode 4815: Fail
simulation episode 4816: Success
simulation episode 4817: Success
simulation episode 4818: Fail
simulation episode 4819: Fail
simulation episode 4820: Success
simulation episode 4821: Fail
simulation episode 4822: Fail
simulation episode 4823: Success
simulation episode 4824: Fail
simulation episode 4825: Success
simulation episode 4826: Fail
simulation episode 4827: Fail
simulation episode 4828: Fail
simulation episode 4829: Fail
simulation episode 4830: Fail
simulation episode 4831: Fail
simulation episode 4832: Fail
simulation episode 4833: Fail
simulation episode 4834: Success
simulation episode 4835: Fail
simulation episode 4836: Fail
simulation episode 4837: Fail
simulation episode 4838: Success
simulation episode 4839: Fail
simulation episode 4840: Fail
simulation episode 4841: Fail
simulation episode 4842: Fail
simulation episode 4843: Fail
simulation episode 4844: Fail
simulation episode 4845: Success
simulation episode 4846: Success
simulation episode 4847: Fail
simulation episode 4848: Fail
simulation episode 4849: Fail
simulation episode 4850: Fail
simulation episode 4851: Success
simulation episode 4852: Fail
simulation episode 4853: Success
simulation episode 4854: Fail
simulation episode 4855: Fail
simulation episode 4856: Fail
simulation episode 4857: Success
simulation episode 4858: Fail
simulation episode 4859: Fail
simulation episode 4860: Success
simulation episode 4861: Fail
simulation episode 4862: Fail
simulation episode 4863: Fail
simulation episode 4864: Success
simulation episode 4865: Fail
simulation episode 4866: Fail
simulation episode 4867: Success
simulation episode 4868: Success
simulation episode 4869: Fail
simulation episode 4870: Fail
simulation episode 4871: Success
simulation episode 4872: Success
simulation episode 4873: Success
simulation episode 4874: Success
simulation episode 4875: Fail
simulation episode 4876: Fail
simulation episode 4877: Fail
simulation episode 4878: Fail
simulation episode 4879: Fail
simulation episode 4880: Fail
simulation episode 4881: Fail
simulation episode 4882: Fail
simulation episode 4883: Fail
simulation episode 4884: Fail
simulation episode 4885: Success
simulation episode 4886: Success
simulation episode 4887: Success
simulation episode 4888: Fail
simulation episode 4889: Fail
simulation episode 4890: Fail
simulation episode 4891: Fail
simulation episode 4892: Fail
simulation episode 4893: Fail
simulation episode 4894: Success
simulation episode 4895: Success
simulation episode 4896: Success
simulation episode 4897: Success
simulation episode 4898: Success
simulation episode 4899: Fail
simulation episode 4900: Fail
simulation episode 4901: Fail
simulation episode 4902: Fail
simulation episode 4903: Fail
simulation episode 4904: Fail
simulation episode 4905: Fail
simulation episode 4906: Success
simulation episode 4907: Fail
simulation episode 4908: Success
simulation episode 4909: Fail
simulation episode 4910: Success
simulation episode 4911: Fail
simulation episode 4912: Fail
simulation episode 4913: Success
simulation episode 4914: Fail
simulation episode 4915: Success
simulation episode 4916: Fail
simulation episode 4917: Fail
simulation episode 4918: Success
simulation episode 4919: Fail
simulation episode 4920: Fail
simulation episode 4921: Fail
simulation episode 4922: Success
simulation episode 4923: Success
simulation episode 4924: Fail
simulation episode 4925: Fail
simulation episode 4926: Success
simulation episode 4927: Fail
simulation episode 4928: Fail
simulation episode 4929: Fail
simulation episode 4930: Fail
simulation episode 4931: Success
simulation episode 4932: Success
simulation episode 4933: Fail
simulation episode 4934: Success
simulation episode 4935: Fail
simulation episode 4936: Fail
simulation episode 4937: Fail
simulation episode 4938: Fail
simulation episode 4939: Success
simulation episode 4940: Fail
simulation episode 4941: Success
simulation episode 4942: Success
simulation episode 4943: Fail
simulation episode 4944: Fail
simulation episode 4945: Fail
simulation episode 4946: Success
simulation episode 4947: Fail
simulation episode 4948: Success
simulation episode 4949: Success
simulation episode 4950: Fail
simulation episode 4951: Fail
simulation episode 4952: Fail
simulation episode 4953: Fail
simulation episode 4954: Fail
simulation episode 4955: Success
simulation episode 4956: Fail
simulation episode 4957: Fail
simulation episode 4958: Fail
simulation episode 4959: Success
simulation episode 4960: Fail
simulation episode 4961: Fail
simulation episode 4962: Fail
simulation episode 4963: Success
simulation episode 4964: Fail
simulation episode 4965: Success
simulation episode 4966: Fail
simulation episode 4967: Success
simulation episode 4968: Fail
simulation episode 4969: Success
simulation episode 4970: Fail
simulation episode 4971: Success
simulation episode 4972: Fail
simulation episode 4973: Success
simulation episode 4974: Fail
simulation episode 4975: Success
simulation episode 4976: Fail
simulation episode 4977: Fail
simulation episode 4978: Fail
simulation episode 4979: Fail
simulation episode 4980: Success
simulation episode 4981: Success
simulation episode 4982: Success
simulation episode 4983: Fail
simulation episode 4984: Success
simulation episode 4985: Fail
simulation episode 4986: Success
simulation episode 4987: Fail
simulation episode 4988: Fail
simulation episode 4989: Success
simulation episode 4990: Success
simulation episode 4991: Success
simulation episode 4992: Fail
simulation episode 4993: Fail
simulation episode 4994: Success
simulation episode 4995: Success
simulation episode 4996: Success
simulation episode 4997: Fail
simulation episode 4998: Fail
simulation episode 4999: Fail
simulation episode 5000: Success
simulation episode 5001: Fail
simulation episode 5002: Fail
simulation episode 5003: Fail
simulation episode 5004: Success
simulation episode 5005: Fail
simulation episode 5006: Success
simulation episode 5007: Success
simulation episode 5008: Fail
simulation episode 5009: Success
simulation episode 5010: Fail
simulation episode 5011: Success
simulation episode 5012: Success
simulation episode 5013: Fail
simulation episode 5014: Fail
simulation episode 5015: Fail
simulation episode 5016: Fail
simulation episode 5017: Success
simulation episode 5018: Fail
simulation episode 5019: Success
simulation episode 5020: Success
simulation episode 5021: Fail
simulation episode 5022: Fail
simulation episode 5023: Fail
simulation episode 5024: Success
simulation episode 5025: Fail
simulation episode 5026: Fail
simulation episode 5027: Success
simulation episode 5028: Success
simulation episode 5029: Success
simulation episode 5030: Success
simulation episode 5031: Success
simulation episode 5032: Fail
simulation episode 5033: Fail
simulation episode 5034: Fail
simulation episode 5035: Success
simulation episode 5036: Fail
simulation episode 5037: Success
simulation episode 5038: Fail
simulation episode 5039: Success
simulation episode 5040: Fail
simulation episode 5041: Fail
simulation episode 5042: Fail
simulation episode 5043: Success
simulation episode 5044: Fail
simulation episode 5045: Success
simulation episode 5046: Success
simulation episode 5047: Success
simulation episode 5048: Success
simulation episode 5049: Fail
simulation episode 5050: Fail
simulation episode 5051: Fail
simulation episode 5052: Fail
simulation episode 5053: Fail
simulation episode 5054: Success
simulation episode 5055: Fail
simulation episode 5056: Fail
simulation episode 5057: Fail
simulation episode 5058: Success
simulation episode 5059: Fail
simulation episode 5060: Success
simulation episode 5061: Success
simulation episode 5062: Success
simulation episode 5063: Fail
simulation episode 5064: Fail
simulation episode 5065: Success
simulation episode 5066: Success
simulation episode 5067: Success
simulation episode 5068: Fail
simulation episode 5069: Fail
simulation episode 5070: Fail
simulation episode 5071: Fail
simulation episode 5072: Success
simulation episode 5073: Fail
simulation episode 5074: Fail
simulation episode 5075: Success
simulation episode 5076: Success
simulation episode 5077: Fail
simulation episode 5078: Success
simulation episode 5079: Success
simulation episode 5080: Fail
simulation episode 5081: Fail
simulation episode 5082: Fail
simulation episode 5083: Fail
simulation episode 5084: Success
simulation episode 5085: Success
simulation episode 5086: Fail
simulation episode 5087: Fail
simulation episode 5088: Success
simulation episode 5089: Fail
simulation episode 5090: Fail
simulation episode 5091: Fail
simulation episode 5092: Fail
simulation episode 5093: Fail
simulation episode 5094: Fail
simulation episode 5095: Fail
simulation episode 5096: Success
simulation episode 5097: Success
simulation episode 5098: Success
simulation episode 5099: Fail
simulation episode 5100: Fail
simulation episode 5101: Fail
simulation episode 5102: Fail
simulation episode 5103: Fail
simulation episode 5104: Fail
simulation episode 5105: Success
simulation episode 5106: Success
simulation episode 5107: Fail
simulation episode 5108: Success
simulation episode 5109: Success
simulation episode 5110: Fail
simulation episode 5111: Fail
simulation episode 5112: Success
simulation episode 5113: Fail
simulation episode 5114: Success
simulation episode 5115: Success
simulation episode 5116: Fail
simulation episode 5117: Fail
simulation episode 5118: Fail
simulation episode 5119: Fail
simulation episode 5120: Fail
simulation episode 5121: Fail
simulation episode 5122: Fail
simulation episode 5123: Fail
simulation episode 5124: Success
simulation episode 5125: Success
simulation episode 5126: Fail
simulation episode 5127: Fail
simulation episode 5128: Fail
simulation episode 5129: Fail
simulation episode 5130: Success
simulation episode 5131: Success
simulation episode 5132: Success
simulation episode 5133: Fail
simulation episode 5134: Fail
simulation episode 5135: Fail
simulation episode 5136: Fail
simulation episode 5137: Fail
simulation episode 5138: Fail
simulation episode 5139: Fail
simulation episode 5140: Fail
simulation episode 5141: Fail
simulation episode 5142: Fail
simulation episode 5143: Fail
simulation episode 5144: Fail
simulation episode 5145: Fail
simulation episode 5146: Fail
simulation episode 5147: Fail
simulation episode 5148: Fail
simulation episode 5149: Success
simulation episode 5150: Fail
simulation episode 5151: Success
simulation episode 5152: Fail
simulation episode 5153: Fail
simulation episode 5154: Success
simulation episode 5155: Success
simulation episode 5156: Fail
simulation episode 5157: Fail
simulation episode 5158: Fail
simulation episode 5159: Fail
simulation episode 5160: Fail
simulation episode 5161: Fail
simulation episode 5162: Success
simulation episode 5163: Success
simulation episode 5164: Success
simulation episode 5165: Success
simulation episode 5166: Fail
simulation episode 5167: Fail
simulation episode 5168: Success
simulation episode 5169: Success
simulation episode 5170: Fail
simulation episode 5171: Fail
simulation episode 5172: Fail
simulation episode 5173: Fail
simulation episode 5174: Fail
simulation episode 5175: Fail
simulation episode 5176: Fail
simulation episode 5177: Fail
simulation episode 5178: Success
simulation episode 5179: Success
simulation episode 5180: Success
simulation episode 5181: Fail
simulation episode 5182: Fail
simulation episode 5183: Success
simulation episode 5184: Fail
simulation episode 5185: Fail
simulation episode 5186: Fail
simulation episode 5187: Success
simulation episode 5188: Fail
simulation episode 5189: Fail
simulation episode 5190: Success
simulation episode 5191: Fail
simulation episode 5192: Fail
simulation episode 5193: Fail
simulation episode 5194: Fail
simulation episode 5195: Fail
simulation episode 5196: Success
simulation episode 5197: Fail
simulation episode 5198: Fail
simulation episode 5199: Fail
simulation episode 5200: Fail
simulation episode 5201: Fail
simulation episode 5202: Success
simulation episode 5203: Fail
simulation episode 5204: Fail
simulation episode 5205: Success
simulation episode 5206: Fail
simulation episode 5207: Fail
simulation episode 5208: Fail
simulation episode 5209: Fail
simulation episode 5210: Success
simulation episode 5211: Fail
simulation episode 5212: Fail
simulation episode 5213: Fail
simulation episode 5214: Fail
simulation episode 5215: Fail
simulation episode 5216: Fail
simulation episode 5217: Fail
simulation episode 5218: Fail
simulation episode 5219: Fail
simulation episode 5220: Fail
simulation episode 5221: Fail
simulation episode 5222: Fail
simulation episode 5223: Success
simulation episode 5224: Fail
simulation episode 5225: Success
simulation episode 5226: Fail
simulation episode 5227: Fail
simulation episode 5228: Success
simulation episode 5229: Success
simulation episode 5230: Fail
simulation episode 5231: Fail
simulation episode 5232: Success
simulation episode 5233: Success
simulation episode 5234: Success
simulation episode 5235: Fail
simulation episode 5236: Success
simulation episode 5237: Fail
simulation episode 5238: Fail
simulation episode 5239: Success
simulation episode 5240: Success
simulation episode 5241: Success
simulation episode 5242: Fail
simulation episode 5243: Fail
simulation episode 5244: Fail
simulation episode 5245: Fail
simulation episode 5246: Fail
simulation episode 5247: Fail
simulation episode 5248: Fail
simulation episode 5249: Fail
simulation episode 5250: Fail
simulation episode 5251: Fail
simulation episode 5252: Fail
simulation episode 5253: Fail
simulation episode 5254: Fail
simulation episode 5255: Fail
simulation episode 5256: Fail
simulation episode 5257: Fail
simulation episode 5258: Fail
simulation episode 5259: Fail
simulation episode 5260: Fail
simulation episode 5261: Success
simulation episode 5262: Fail
simulation episode 5263: Fail
simulation episode 5264: Success
simulation episode 5265: Fail
simulation episode 5266: Fail
simulation episode 5267: Fail
simulation episode 5268: Fail
simulation episode 5269: Fail
simulation episode 5270: Success
simulation episode 5271: Success
simulation episode 5272: Fail
simulation episode 5273: Fail
simulation episode 5274: Success
simulation episode 5275: Fail
simulation episode 5276: Fail
simulation episode 5277: Fail
simulation episode 5278: Fail
simulation episode 5279: Fail
simulation episode 5280: Fail
simulation episode 5281: Fail
simulation episode 5282: Fail
simulation episode 5283: Fail
simulation episode 5284: Success
simulation episode 5285: Fail
simulation episode 5286: Success
simulation episode 5287: Fail
simulation episode 5288: Success
simulation episode 5289: Fail
simulation episode 5290: Success
simulation episode 5291: Success
simulation episode 5292: Fail
simulation episode 5293: Fail
simulation episode 5294: Fail
simulation episode 5295: Fail
simulation episode 5296: Success
simulation episode 5297: Fail
simulation episode 5298: Success
simulation episode 5299: Fail
simulation episode 5300: Success
simulation episode 5301: Fail
simulation episode 5302: Success
simulation episode 5303: Fail
simulation episode 5304: Success
simulation episode 5305: Fail
simulation episode 5306: Success
simulation episode 5307: Fail
simulation episode 5308: Fail
simulation episode 5309: Fail
simulation episode 5310: Success
simulation episode 5311: Fail
simulation episode 5312: Fail
simulation episode 5313: Success
simulation episode 5314: Fail
simulation episode 5315: Fail
simulation episode 5316: Fail
simulation episode 5317: Fail
simulation episode 5318: Success
simulation episode 5319: Success
simulation episode 5320: Fail
simulation episode 5321: Success
simulation episode 5322: Success
simulation episode 5323: Success
simulation episode 5324: Fail
simulation episode 5325: Success
simulation episode 5326: Fail
simulation episode 5327: Fail
simulation episode 5328: Fail
simulation episode 5329: Fail
simulation episode 5330: Fail
simulation episode 5331: Fail
simulation episode 5332: Fail
simulation episode 5333: Fail
simulation episode 5334: Success
simulation episode 5335: Fail
simulation episode 5336: Success
simulation episode 5337: Fail
simulation episode 5338: Fail
simulation episode 5339: Success
simulation episode 5340: Fail
simulation episode 5341: Success
simulation episode 5342: Success
simulation episode 5343: Fail
simulation episode 5344: Fail
simulation episode 5345: Fail
simulation episode 5346: Fail
simulation episode 5347: Fail
simulation episode 5348: Success
simulation episode 5349: Fail
simulation episode 5350: Fail
simulation episode 5351: Success
simulation episode 5352: Fail
simulation episode 5353: Fail
simulation episode 5354: Fail
simulation episode 5355: Fail
simulation episode 5356: Fail
simulation episode 5357: Fail
simulation episode 5358: Fail
simulation episode 5359: Success
simulation episode 5360: Fail
simulation episode 5361: Fail
simulation episode 5362: Success
simulation episode 5363: Fail
simulation episode 5364: Success
simulation episode 5365: Success
simulation episode 5366: Fail
simulation episode 5367: Success
simulation episode 5368: Success
simulation episode 5369: Fail
simulation episode 5370: Fail
simulation episode 5371: Fail
simulation episode 5372: Fail
simulation episode 5373: Fail
simulation episode 5374: Fail
simulation episode 5375: Success
simulation episode 5376: Fail
simulation episode 5377: Fail
simulation episode 5378: Fail
simulation episode 5379: Fail
simulation episode 5380: Fail
simulation episode 5381: Success
simulation episode 5382: Success
simulation episode 5383: Success
simulation episode 5384: Success
simulation episode 5385: Fail
simulation episode 5386: Success
simulation episode 5387: Fail
simulation episode 5388: Fail
simulation episode 5389: Fail
simulation episode 5390: Success
simulation episode 5391: Fail
simulation episode 5392: Success
simulation episode 5393: Fail
simulation episode 5394: Fail
simulation episode 5395: Fail
simulation episode 5396: Success
simulation episode 5397: Success
simulation episode 5398: Fail
simulation episode 5399: Fail
simulation episode 5400: Fail
simulation episode 5401: Fail
simulation episode 5402: Fail
simulation episode 5403: Success
simulation episode 5404: Fail
simulation episode 5405: Fail
simulation episode 5406: Success
simulation episode 5407: Fail
simulation episode 5408: Fail
simulation episode 5409: Success
simulation episode 5410: Fail
simulation episode 5411: Fail
simulation episode 5412: Fail
simulation episode 5413: Fail
simulation episode 5414: Success
simulation episode 5415: Fail
simulation episode 5416: Fail
simulation episode 5417: Success
simulation episode 5418: Fail
simulation episode 5419: Fail
simulation episode 5420: Fail
simulation episode 5421: Success
simulation episode 5422: Fail
simulation episode 5423: Success
simulation episode 5424: Fail
simulation episode 5425: Fail
simulation episode 5426: Success
simulation episode 5427: Fail
simulation episode 5428: Success
simulation episode 5429: Fail
simulation episode 5430: Fail
simulation episode 5431: Success
simulation episode 5432: Success
simulation episode 5433: Fail
simulation episode 5434: Fail
simulation episode 5435: Fail
simulation episode 5436: Success
simulation episode 5437: Success
simulation episode 5438: Success
simulation episode 5439: Success
simulation episode 5440: Fail
simulation episode 5441: Fail
simulation episode 5442: Success
simulation episode 5443: Fail
simulation episode 5444: Fail
simulation episode 5445: Fail
simulation episode 5446: Success
simulation episode 5447: Fail
simulation episode 5448: Fail
simulation episode 5449: Success
simulation episode 5450: Fail
simulation episode 5451: Success
simulation episode 5452: Success
simulation episode 5453: Fail
simulation episode 5454: Fail
simulation episode 5455: Fail
simulation episode 5456: Fail
simulation episode 5457: Fail
simulation episode 5458: Success
simulation episode 5459: Fail
simulation episode 5460: Success
simulation episode 5461: Fail
simulation episode 5462: Fail
simulation episode 5463: Fail
simulation episode 5464: Fail
simulation episode 5465: Fail
simulation episode 5466: Success
simulation episode 5467: Fail
simulation episode 5468: Success
simulation episode 5469: Fail
simulation episode 5470: Success
simulation episode 5471: Success
simulation episode 5472: Fail
simulation episode 5473: Success
simulation episode 5474: Fail
simulation episode 5475: Fail
simulation episode 5476: Fail
simulation episode 5477: Success
simulation episode 5478: Fail
simulation episode 5479: Fail
simulation episode 5480: Success
simulation episode 5481: Fail
simulation episode 5482: Success
simulation episode 5483: Fail
simulation episode 5484: Success
simulation episode 5485: Success
simulation episode 5486: Fail
simulation episode 5487: Fail
simulation episode 5488: Fail
simulation episode 5489: Fail
simulation episode 5490: Fail
simulation episode 5491: Fail
simulation episode 5492: Fail
simulation episode 5493: Fail
simulation episode 5494: Success
simulation episode 5495: Success
simulation episode 5496: Fail
simulation episode 5497: Success
simulation episode 5498: Fail
simulation episode 5499: Fail
simulation episode 5500: Success
simulation episode 5501: Fail
simulation episode 5502: Fail
simulation episode 5503: Success
simulation episode 5504: Fail
simulation episode 5505: Fail
simulation episode 5506: Fail
simulation episode 5507: Fail
simulation episode 5508: Fail
simulation episode 5509: Fail
simulation episode 5510: Fail
simulation episode 5511: Fail
simulation episode 5512: Fail
simulation episode 5513: Fail
simulation episode 5514: Fail
simulation episode 5515: Success
simulation episode 5516: Success
simulation episode 5517: Fail
simulation episode 5518: Success
simulation episode 5519: Fail
simulation episode 5520: Fail
simulation episode 5521: Success
simulation episode 5522: Success
simulation episode 5523: Success
simulation episode 5524: Success
simulation episode 5525: Success
simulation episode 5526: Fail
simulation episode 5527: Fail
simulation episode 5528: Fail
simulation episode 5529: Success
simulation episode 5530: Fail
simulation episode 5531: Fail
simulation episode 5532: Fail
simulation episode 5533: Fail
simulation episode 5534: Fail
simulation episode 5535: Fail
simulation episode 5536: Fail
simulation episode 5537: Success
simulation episode 5538: Fail
simulation episode 5539: Success
simulation episode 5540: Success
simulation episode 5541: Fail
simulation episode 5542: Fail
simulation episode 5543: Success
simulation episode 5544: Success
simulation episode 5545: Fail
simulation episode 5546: Fail
simulation episode 5547: Fail
simulation episode 5548: Fail
simulation episode 5549: Fail
simulation episode 5550: Fail
simulation episode 5551: Fail
simulation episode 5552: Fail
simulation episode 5553: Fail
simulation episode 5554: Success
simulation episode 5555: Success
simulation episode 5556: Fail
simulation episode 5557: Fail
simulation episode 5558: Success
simulation episode 5559: Fail
simulation episode 5560: Success
simulation episode 5561: Success
simulation episode 5562: Fail
simulation episode 5563: Fail
simulation episode 5564: Success
simulation episode 5565: Fail
simulation episode 5566: Success
simulation episode 5567: Fail
simulation episode 5568: Fail
simulation episode 5569: Fail
simulation episode 5570: Fail
simulation episode 5571: Fail
simulation episode 5572: Success
simulation episode 5573: Success
simulation episode 5574: Success
simulation episode 5575: Fail
simulation episode 5576: Fail
simulation episode 5577: Success
simulation episode 5578: Fail
simulation episode 5579: Success
simulation episode 5580: Fail
simulation episode 5581: Fail
simulation episode 5582: Fail
simulation episode 5583: Success
simulation episode 5584: Fail
simulation episode 5585: Fail
simulation episode 5586: Fail
simulation episode 5587: Fail
simulation episode 5588: Fail
simulation episode 5589: Fail
simulation episode 5590: Success
simulation episode 5591: Fail
simulation episode 5592: Fail
simulation episode 5593: Success
simulation episode 5594: Success
simulation episode 5595: Fail
simulation episode 5596: Fail
simulation episode 5597: Fail
simulation episode 5598: Fail
simulation episode 5599: Fail
simulation episode 5600: Fail
simulation episode 5601: Fail
simulation episode 5602: Fail
simulation episode 5603: Fail
simulation episode 5604: Fail
simulation episode 5605: Success
simulation episode 5606: Fail
simulation episode 5607: Fail
simulation episode 5608: Fail
simulation episode 5609: Fail
simulation episode 5610: Fail
simulation episode 5611: Fail
simulation episode 5612: Fail
simulation episode 5613: Fail
simulation episode 5614: Fail
simulation episode 5615: Fail
simulation episode 5616: Success
simulation episode 5617: Fail
simulation episode 5618: Fail
simulation episode 5619: Fail
simulation episode 5620: Fail
simulation episode 5621: Fail
simulation episode 5622: Success
simulation episode 5623: Fail
simulation episode 5624: Fail
simulation episode 5625: Success
simulation episode 5626: Fail
simulation episode 5627: Fail
simulation episode 5628: Fail
simulation episode 5629: Fail
simulation episode 5630: Success
simulation episode 5631: Success
simulation episode 5632: Success
simulation episode 5633: Fail
simulation episode 5634: Fail
simulation episode 5635: Success
simulation episode 5636: Fail
simulation episode 5637: Fail
simulation episode 5638: Fail
simulation episode 5639: Success
simulation episode 5640: Fail
simulation episode 5641: Fail
simulation episode 5642: Fail
simulation episode 5643: Fail
simulation episode 5644: Fail
simulation episode 5645: Fail
simulation episode 5646: Fail
simulation episode 5647: Success
simulation episode 5648: Fail
simulation episode 5649: Success
simulation episode 5650: Fail
simulation episode 5651: Fail
simulation episode 5652: Fail
simulation episode 5653: Success
simulation episode 5654: Success
simulation episode 5655: Fail
simulation episode 5656: Success
simulation episode 5657: Success
simulation episode 5658: Fail
simulation episode 5659: Fail
simulation episode 5660: Fail
simulation episode 5661: Fail
simulation episode 5662: Fail
simulation episode 5663: Fail
simulation episode 5664: Fail
simulation episode 5665: Success
simulation episode 5666: Fail
simulation episode 5667: Success
simulation episode 5668: Fail
simulation episode 5669: Fail
simulation episode 5670: Success
simulation episode 5671: Fail
simulation episode 5672: Fail
simulation episode 5673: Fail
simulation episode 5674: Fail
simulation episode 5675: Fail
simulation episode 5676: Fail
simulation episode 5677: Success
simulation episode 5678: Fail
simulation episode 5679: Success
simulation episode 5680: Fail
simulation episode 5681: Fail
simulation episode 5682: Success
simulation episode 5683: Success
simulation episode 5684: Fail
simulation episode 5685: Success
simulation episode 5686: Fail
simulation episode 5687: Fail
simulation episode 5688: Success
simulation episode 5689: Fail
simulation episode 5690: Fail
simulation episode 5691: Fail
simulation episode 5692: Fail
simulation episode 5693: Fail
simulation episode 5694: Success
simulation episode 5695: Fail
simulation episode 5696: Fail
simulation episode 5697: Success
simulation episode 5698: Fail
simulation episode 5699: Success
simulation episode 5700: Fail
simulation episode 5701: Success
simulation episode 5702: Success
simulation episode 5703: Success
simulation episode 5704: Success
simulation episode 5705: Success
simulation episode 5706: Fail
simulation episode 5707: Fail
simulation episode 5708: Fail
simulation episode 5709: Fail
simulation episode 5710: Success
simulation episode 5711: Fail
simulation episode 5712: Fail
simulation episode 5713: Fail
simulation episode 5714: Fail
simulation episode 5715: Success
simulation episode 5716: Fail
simulation episode 5717: Fail
simulation episode 5718: Success
simulation episode 5719: Fail
simulation episode 5720: Success
simulation episode 5721: Success
simulation episode 5722: Success
simulation episode 5723: Success
simulation episode 5724: Fail
simulation episode 5725: Success
simulation episode 5726: Fail
simulation episode 5727: Success
simulation episode 5728: Fail
simulation episode 5729: Success
simulation episode 5730: Fail
simulation episode 5731: Fail
simulation episode 5732: Success
simulation episode 5733: Fail
simulation episode 5734: Fail
simulation episode 5735: Success
simulation episode 5736: Fail
simulation episode 5737: Fail
simulation episode 5738: Success
simulation episode 5739: Fail
simulation episode 5740: Fail
simulation episode 5741: Fail
simulation episode 5742: Fail
simulation episode 5743: Success
simulation episode 5744: Fail
simulation episode 5745: Fail
simulation episode 5746: Success
simulation episode 5747: Fail
simulation episode 5748: Fail
simulation episode 5749: Success
simulation episode 5750: Fail
simulation episode 5751: Fail
simulation episode 5752: Success
simulation episode 5753: Success
simulation episode 5754: Success
simulation episode 5755: Success
simulation episode 5756: Fail
simulation episode 5757: Fail
simulation episode 5758: Fail
simulation episode 5759: Success
simulation episode 5760: Fail
simulation episode 5761: Fail
simulation episode 5762: Fail
simulation episode 5763: Success
simulation episode 5764: Success
simulation episode 5765: Fail
simulation episode 5766: Success
simulation episode 5767: Fail
simulation episode 5768: Fail
simulation episode 5769: Fail
simulation episode 5770: Fail
simulation episode 5771: Fail
simulation episode 5772: Fail
simulation episode 5773: Success
simulation episode 5774: Fail
simulation episode 5775: Success
simulation episode 5776: Fail
simulation episode 5777: Fail
simulation episode 5778: Fail
simulation episode 5779: Success
simulation episode 5780: Success
simulation episode 5781: Fail
simulation episode 5782: Fail
simulation episode 5783: Fail
simulation episode 5784: Fail
simulation episode 5785: Success
simulation episode 5786: Fail
simulation episode 5787: Fail
simulation episode 5788: Fail
simulation episode 5789: Success
simulation episode 5790: Fail
simulation episode 5791: Fail
simulation episode 5792: Success
simulation episode 5793: Fail
simulation episode 5794: Fail
simulation episode 5795: Fail
simulation episode 5796: Fail
simulation episode 5797: Success
simulation episode 5798: Fail
simulation episode 5799: Success
simulation episode 5800: Success
simulation episode 5801: Fail
simulation episode 5802: Fail
simulation episode 5803: Success
simulation episode 5804: Success
simulation episode 5805: Fail
simulation episode 5806: Fail
simulation episode 5807: Success
simulation episode 5808: Success
simulation episode 5809: Fail
simulation episode 5810: Success
simulation episode 5811: Success
simulation episode 5812: Fail
simulation episode 5813: Fail
simulation episode 5814: Fail
simulation episode 5815: Success
simulation episode 5816: Fail
simulation episode 5817: Success
simulation episode 5818: Fail
simulation episode 5819: Fail
simulation episode 5820: Fail
simulation episode 5821: Success
simulation episode 5822: Fail
simulation episode 5823: Success
simulation episode 5824: Fail
simulation episode 5825: Fail
simulation episode 5826: Fail
simulation episode 5827: Fail
simulation episode 5828: Success
simulation episode 5829: Success
simulation episode 5830: Fail
simulation episode 5831: Fail
simulation episode 5832: Fail
simulation episode 5833: Fail
simulation episode 5834: Fail
simulation episode 5835: Success
simulation episode 5836: Success
simulation episode 5837: Fail
simulation episode 5838: Success
simulation episode 5839: Fail
simulation episode 5840: Success
simulation episode 5841: Fail
simulation episode 5842: Success
simulation episode 5843: Fail
simulation episode 5844: Success
simulation episode 5845: Fail
simulation episode 5846: Fail
simulation episode 5847: Fail
simulation episode 5848: Fail
simulation episode 5849: Success
simulation episode 5850: Fail
simulation episode 5851: Success
simulation episode 5852: Fail
simulation episode 5853: Success
simulation episode 5854: Fail
simulation episode 5855: Fail
simulation episode 5856: Success
simulation episode 5857: Fail
simulation episode 5858: Success
simulation episode 5859: Fail
simulation episode 5860: Fail
simulation episode 5861: Fail
simulation episode 5862: Fail
simulation episode 5863: Fail
simulation episode 5864: Success
simulation episode 5865: Fail
simulation episode 5866: Fail
simulation episode 5867: Fail
simulation episode 5868: Fail
simulation episode 5869: Fail
simulation episode 5870: Fail
simulation episode 5871: Success
simulation episode 5872: Fail
simulation episode 5873: Success
simulation episode 5874: Success
simulation episode 5875: Fail
simulation episode 5876: Fail
simulation episode 5877: Success
simulation episode 5878: Fail
simulation episode 5879: Fail
simulation episode 5880: Fail
simulation episode 5881: Fail
simulation episode 5882: Fail
simulation episode 5883: Fail
simulation episode 5884: Fail
simulation episode 5885: Fail
simulation episode 5886: Success
simulation episode 5887: Success
simulation episode 5888: Success
simulation episode 5889: Fail
simulation episode 5890: Fail
simulation episode 5891: Fail
simulation episode 5892: Fail
simulation episode 5893: Fail
simulation episode 5894: Fail
simulation episode 5895: Fail
simulation episode 5896: Fail
simulation episode 5897: Success
simulation episode 5898: Success
simulation episode 5899: Success
simulation episode 5900: Success
simulation episode 5901: Fail
simulation episode 5902: Fail
simulation episode 5903: Success
simulation episode 5904: Fail
simulation episode 5905: Success
simulation episode 5906: Fail
simulation episode 5907: Fail
simulation episode 5908: Fail
simulation episode 5909: Fail
simulation episode 5910: Fail
simulation episode 5911: Fail
simulation episode 5912: Fail
simulation episode 5913: Fail
simulation episode 5914: Success
simulation episode 5915: Success
simulation episode 5916: Success
simulation episode 5917: Fail
simulation episode 5918: Success
simulation episode 5919: Fail
simulation episode 5920: Fail
simulation episode 5921: Fail
simulation episode 5922: Fail
simulation episode 5923: Success
simulation episode 5924: Success
simulation episode 5925: Success
simulation episode 5926: Success
simulation episode 5927: Fail
simulation episode 5928: Fail
simulation episode 5929: Fail
simulation episode 5930: Fail
simulation episode 5931: Fail
simulation episode 5932: Success
simulation episode 5933: Fail
simulation episode 5934: Fail
simulation episode 5935: Fail
simulation episode 5936: Success
simulation episode 5937: Fail
simulation episode 5938: Fail
simulation episode 5939: Fail
simulation episode 5940: Fail
simulation episode 5941: Success
simulation episode 5942: Fail
simulation episode 5943: Success
simulation episode 5944: Fail
simulation episode 5945: Fail
simulation episode 5946: Fail
simulation episode 5947: Fail
simulation episode 5948: Fail
simulation episode 5949: Success
simulation episode 5950: Success
simulation episode 5951: Fail
simulation episode 5952: Success
simulation episode 5953: Fail
simulation episode 5954: Fail
simulation episode 5955: Success
simulation episode 5956: Fail
simulation episode 5957: Fail
simulation episode 5958: Success
simulation episode 5959: Fail
simulation episode 5960: Fail
simulation episode 5961: Fail
simulation episode 5962: Fail
simulation episode 5963: Success
simulation episode 5964: Fail
simulation episode 5965: Fail
simulation episode 5966: Success
simulation episode 5967: Fail
simulation episode 5968: Fail
simulation episode 5969: Fail
simulation episode 5970: Fail
simulation episode 5971: Fail
simulation episode 5972: Fail
simulation episode 5973: Fail
simulation episode 5974: Success
simulation episode 5975: Success
simulation episode 5976: Fail
simulation episode 5977: Fail
simulation episode 5978: Success
simulation episode 5979: Success
simulation episode 5980: Fail
simulation episode 5981: Success
simulation episode 5982: Fail
simulation episode 5983: Fail
simulation episode 5984: Fail
simulation episode 5985: Fail
simulation episode 5986: Fail
simulation episode 5987: Success
simulation episode 5988: Success
simulation episode 5989: Success
simulation episode 5990: Fail
simulation episode 5991: Fail
simulation episode 5992: Fail
simulation episode 5993: Fail
simulation episode 5994: Fail
simulation episode 5995: Success
simulation episode 5996: Success
simulation episode 5997: Fail
simulation episode 5998: Success
simulation episode 5999: Success
simulation episode 6000: Fail
simulation episode 6001: Fail
simulation episode 6002: Fail
simulation episode 6003: Fail
simulation episode 6004: Fail
simulation episode 6005: Fail
simulation episode 6006: Success
simulation episode 6007: Fail
simulation episode 6008: Fail
simulation episode 6009: Success
simulation episode 6010: Fail
simulation episode 6011: Fail
simulation episode 6012: Success
simulation episode 6013: Fail
simulation episode 6014: Success
simulation episode 6015: Fail
simulation episode 6016: Success
simulation episode 6017: Fail
simulation episode 6018: Fail
simulation episode 6019: Fail
simulation episode 6020: Fail
simulation episode 6021: Fail
simulation episode 6022: Fail
simulation episode 6023: Fail
simulation episode 6024: Fail
simulation episode 6025: Fail
simulation episode 6026: Fail
simulation episode 6027: Success
simulation episode 6028: Success
simulation episode 6029: Fail
simulation episode 6030: Success
simulation episode 6031: Fail
simulation episode 6032: Fail
simulation episode 6033: Fail
simulation episode 6034: Fail
simulation episode 6035: Fail
simulation episode 6036: Fail
simulation episode 6037: Fail
simulation episode 6038: Fail
simulation episode 6039: Success
simulation episode 6040: Fail
simulation episode 6041: Fail
simulation episode 6042: Fail
simulation episode 6043: Fail
simulation episode 6044: Success
simulation episode 6045: Success
simulation episode 6046: Fail
simulation episode 6047: Fail
simulation episode 6048: Fail
simulation episode 6049: Fail
simulation episode 6050: Fail
simulation episode 6051: Success
simulation episode 6052: Fail
simulation episode 6053: Fail
simulation episode 6054: Fail
simulation episode 6055: Success
simulation episode 6056: Success
simulation episode 6057: Fail
simulation episode 6058: Fail
simulation episode 6059: Fail
simulation episode 6060: Fail
simulation episode 6061: Fail
simulation episode 6062: Fail
simulation episode 6063: Fail
simulation episode 6064: Success
simulation episode 6065: Fail
simulation episode 6066: Fail
simulation episode 6067: Success
simulation episode 6068: Fail
simulation episode 6069: Fail
simulation episode 6070: Fail
simulation episode 6071: Fail
simulation episode 6072: Fail
simulation episode 6073: Fail
simulation episode 6074: Success
simulation episode 6075: Success
simulation episode 6076: Fail
simulation episode 6077: Success
simulation episode 6078: Fail
simulation episode 6079: Fail
simulation episode 6080: Fail
simulation episode 6081: Success
simulation episode 6082: Success
simulation episode 6083: Success
simulation episode 6084: Success
simulation episode 6085: Success
simulation episode 6086: Fail
simulation episode 6087: Success
simulation episode 6088: Fail
simulation episode 6089: Fail
simulation episode 6090: Success
simulation episode 6091: Fail
simulation episode 6092: Fail
simulation episode 6093: Success
simulation episode 6094: Success
simulation episode 6095: Fail
simulation episode 6096: Fail
simulation episode 6097: Fail
simulation episode 6098: Success
simulation episode 6099: Fail
simulation episode 6100: Fail
simulation episode 6101: Fail
simulation episode 6102: Fail
simulation episode 6103: Success
simulation episode 6104: Success
simulation episode 6105: Fail
simulation episode 6106: Fail
simulation episode 6107: Fail
simulation episode 6108: Fail
simulation episode 6109: Success
simulation episode 6110: Success
simulation episode 6111: Success
simulation episode 6112: Success
simulation episode 6113: Fail
simulation episode 6114: Fail
simulation episode 6115: Fail
simulation episode 6116: Fail
simulation episode 6117: Success
simulation episode 6118: Fail
simulation episode 6119: Fail
simulation episode 6120: Success
simulation episode 6121: Fail
simulation episode 6122: Fail
simulation episode 6123: Fail
simulation episode 6124: Fail
simulation episode 6125: Success
simulation episode 6126: Fail
simulation episode 6127: Fail
simulation episode 6128: Success
simulation episode 6129: Fail
simulation episode 6130: Success
simulation episode 6131: Fail
simulation episode 6132: Success
simulation episode 6133: Success
simulation episode 6134: Fail
simulation episode 6135: Fail
simulation episode 6136: Success
simulation episode 6137: Success
simulation episode 6138: Success
simulation episode 6139: Fail
simulation episode 6140: Fail
simulation episode 6141: Success
simulation episode 6142: Fail
simulation episode 6143: Fail
simulation episode 6144: Fail
simulation episode 6145: Success
simulation episode 6146: Fail
simulation episode 6147: Fail
simulation episode 6148: Fail
simulation episode 6149: Success
simulation episode 6150: Fail
simulation episode 6151: Success
simulation episode 6152: Fail
simulation episode 6153: Success
simulation episode 6154: Fail
simulation episode 6155: Fail
simulation episode 6156: Fail
simulation episode 6157: Fail
simulation episode 6158: Success
simulation episode 6159: Success
simulation episode 6160: Fail
simulation episode 6161: Fail
simulation episode 6162: Success
simulation episode 6163: Success
simulation episode 6164: Fail
simulation episode 6165: Fail
simulation episode 6166: Success
simulation episode 6167: Fail
simulation episode 6168: Success
simulation episode 6169: Fail
simulation episode 6170: Success
simulation episode 6171: Fail
simulation episode 6172: Fail
simulation episode 6173: Success
simulation episode 6174: Fail
simulation episode 6175: Success
simulation episode 6176: Fail
simulation episode 6177: Fail
simulation episode 6178: Fail
simulation episode 6179: Fail
simulation episode 6180: Fail
simulation episode 6181: Success
simulation episode 6182: Success
simulation episode 6183: Success
simulation episode 6184: Fail
simulation episode 6185: Fail
simulation episode 6186: Success
simulation episode 6187: Success
simulation episode 6188: Fail
simulation episode 6189: Success
simulation episode 6190: Fail
simulation episode 6191: Fail
simulation episode 6192: Success
simulation episode 6193: Fail
simulation episode 6194: Fail
simulation episode 6195: Success
simulation episode 6196: Fail
simulation episode 6197: Success
simulation episode 6198: Fail
simulation episode 6199: Success
simulation episode 6200: Fail
simulation episode 6201: Fail
simulation episode 6202: Fail
simulation episode 6203: Success
simulation episode 6204: Fail
simulation episode 6205: Success
simulation episode 6206: Success
simulation episode 6207: Fail
simulation episode 6208: Success
simulation episode 6209: Success
simulation episode 6210: Success
simulation episode 6211: Fail
simulation episode 6212: Success
simulation episode 6213: Success
simulation episode 6214: Fail
simulation episode 6215: Fail
simulation episode 6216: Fail
simulation episode 6217: Success
simulation episode 6218: Success
simulation episode 6219: Fail
simulation episode 6220: Fail
simulation episode 6221: Fail
simulation episode 6222: Fail
simulation episode 6223: Success
simulation episode 6224: Fail
simulation episode 6225: Fail
simulation episode 6226: Fail
simulation episode 6227: Fail
simulation episode 6228: Fail
simulation episode 6229: Fail
simulation episode 6230: Success
simulation episode 6231: Fail
simulation episode 6232: Fail
simulation episode 6233: Success
simulation episode 6234: Fail
simulation episode 6235: Success
simulation episode 6236: Fail
simulation episode 6237: Success
simulation episode 6238: Success
simulation episode 6239: Success
simulation episode 6240: Fail
simulation episode 6241: Fail
simulation episode 6242: Fail
simulation episode 6243: Success
simulation episode 6244: Fail
simulation episode 6245: Success
simulation episode 6246: Fail
simulation episode 6247: Fail
simulation episode 6248: Success
simulation episode 6249: Success
simulation episode 6250: Success
simulation episode 6251: Success
simulation episode 6252: Fail
simulation episode 6253: Fail
simulation episode 6254: Fail
simulation episode 6255: Fail
simulation episode 6256: Success
simulation episode 6257: Fail
simulation episode 6258: Success
simulation episode 6259: Fail
simulation episode 6260: Success
simulation episode 6261: Fail
simulation episode 6262: Fail
simulation episode 6263: Success
simulation episode 6264: Success
simulation episode 6265: Fail
simulation episode 6266: Success
simulation episode 6267: Success
simulation episode 6268: Success
simulation episode 6269: Fail
simulation episode 6270: Success
simulation episode 6271: Fail
simulation episode 6272: Success
simulation episode 6273: Success
simulation episode 6274: Fail
simulation episode 6275: Fail
simulation episode 6276: Success
simulation episode 6277: Fail
simulation episode 6278: Success
simulation episode 6279: Fail
simulation episode 6280: Fail
simulation episode 6281: Success
simulation episode 6282: Fail
simulation episode 6283: Success
simulation episode 6284: Fail
simulation episode 6285: Fail
simulation episode 6286: Fail
simulation episode 6287: Fail
simulation episode 6288: Fail
simulation episode 6289: Fail
simulation episode 6290: Success
simulation episode 6291: Success
simulation episode 6292: Fail
simulation episode 6293: Success
simulation episode 6294: Success
simulation episode 6295: Fail
simulation episode 6296: Fail
simulation episode 6297: Success
simulation episode 6298: Success
simulation episode 6299: Fail
simulation episode 6300: Fail
simulation episode 6301: Fail
simulation episode 6302: Success
simulation episode 6303: Fail
simulation episode 6304: Fail
simulation episode 6305: Success
simulation episode 6306: Fail
simulation episode 6307: Fail
simulation episode 6308: Fail
simulation episode 6309: Fail
simulation episode 6310: Success
simulation episode 6311: Success
simulation episode 6312: Fail
simulation episode 6313: Success
simulation episode 6314: Fail
simulation episode 6315: Success
simulation episode 6316: Fail
simulation episode 6317: Success
simulation episode 6318: Fail
simulation episode 6319: Fail
simulation episode 6320: Fail
simulation episode 6321: Fail
simulation episode 6322: Fail
simulation episode 6323: Fail
simulation episode 6324: Fail
simulation episode 6325: Success
simulation episode 6326: Fail
simulation episode 6327: Fail
simulation episode 6328: Fail
simulation episode 6329: Success
simulation episode 6330: Fail
simulation episode 6331: Success
simulation episode 6332: Fail
simulation episode 6333: Fail
simulation episode 6334: Success
simulation episode 6335: Success
simulation episode 6336: Fail
simulation episode 6337: Fail
simulation episode 6338: Success
simulation episode 6339: Fail
simulation episode 6340: Success
simulation episode 6341: Fail
simulation episode 6342: Success
simulation episode 6343: Success
simulation episode 6344: Fail
simulation episode 6345: Fail
simulation episode 6346: Fail
simulation episode 6347: Fail
simulation episode 6348: Fail
simulation episode 6349: Fail
simulation episode 6350: Fail
simulation episode 6351: Success
simulation episode 6352: Fail
simulation episode 6353: Fail
simulation episode 6354: Success
simulation episode 6355: Fail
simulation episode 6356: Success
simulation episode 6357: Fail
simulation episode 6358: Fail
simulation episode 6359: Success
simulation episode 6360: Fail
simulation episode 6361: Success
simulation episode 6362: Fail
simulation episode 6363: Fail
simulation episode 6364: Success
simulation episode 6365: Success
simulation episode 6366: Fail
simulation episode 6367: Fail
simulation episode 6368: Success
simulation episode 6369: Success
simulation episode 6370: Fail
simulation episode 6371: Fail
simulation episode 6372: Fail
simulation episode 6373: Success
simulation episode 6374: Fail
simulation episode 6375: Fail
simulation episode 6376: Fail
simulation episode 6377: Success
simulation episode 6378: Fail
simulation episode 6379: Fail
simulation episode 6380: Fail
simulation episode 6381: Fail
simulation episode 6382: Fail
simulation episode 6383: Fail
simulation episode 6384: Success
simulation episode 6385: Fail
simulation episode 6386: Fail
simulation episode 6387: Fail
simulation episode 6388: Fail
simulation episode 6389: Success
simulation episode 6390: Fail
simulation episode 6391: Fail
simulation episode 6392: Fail
simulation episode 6393: Success
simulation episode 6394: Fail
simulation episode 6395: Fail
simulation episode 6396: Fail
simulation episode 6397: Fail
simulation episode 6398: Fail
simulation episode 6399: Fail
simulation episode 6400: Fail
simulation episode 6401: Fail
simulation episode 6402: Fail
simulation episode 6403: Fail
simulation episode 6404: Fail
simulation episode 6405: Fail
simulation episode 6406: Fail
simulation episode 6407: Success
simulation episode 6408: Fail
simulation episode 6409: Fail
simulation episode 6410: Success
simulation episode 6411: Success
simulation episode 6412: Success
simulation episode 6413: Success
simulation episode 6414: Fail
simulation episode 6415: Success
simulation episode 6416: Success
simulation episode 6417: Fail
simulation episode 6418: Success
simulation episode 6419: Success
simulation episode 6420: Fail
simulation episode 6421: Fail
simulation episode 6422: Fail
simulation episode 6423: Fail
simulation episode 6424: Fail
simulation episode 6425: Success
simulation episode 6426: Fail
simulation episode 6427: Success
simulation episode 6428: Success
simulation episode 6429: Fail
simulation episode 6430: Fail
simulation episode 6431: Fail
simulation episode 6432: Fail
simulation episode 6433: Fail
simulation episode 6434: Fail
simulation episode 6435: Success
simulation episode 6436: Success
simulation episode 6437: Success
simulation episode 6438: Fail
simulation episode 6439: Fail
simulation episode 6440: Fail
simulation episode 6441: Success
simulation episode 6442: Fail
simulation episode 6443: Fail
simulation episode 6444: Fail
simulation episode 6445: Fail
simulation episode 6446: Fail
simulation episode 6447: Success
simulation episode 6448: Success
simulation episode 6449: Fail
simulation episode 6450: Fail
simulation episode 6451: Fail
simulation episode 6452: Fail
simulation episode 6453: Fail
simulation episode 6454: Fail
simulation episode 6455: Fail
simulation episode 6456: Fail
simulation episode 6457: Fail
simulation episode 6458: Success
simulation episode 6459: Success
simulation episode 6460: Success
simulation episode 6461: Fail
simulation episode 6462: Fail
simulation episode 6463: Fail
simulation episode 6464: Fail
simulation episode 6465: Success
simulation episode 6466: Fail
simulation episode 6467: Fail
simulation episode 6468: Fail
simulation episode 6469: Fail
simulation episode 6470: Fail
simulation episode 6471: Fail
simulation episode 6472: Success
simulation episode 6473: Fail
simulation episode 6474: Fail
simulation episode 6475: Fail
simulation episode 6476: Success
simulation episode 6477: Fail
simulation episode 6478: Fail
simulation episode 6479: Success
simulation episode 6480: Success
simulation episode 6481: Fail
simulation episode 6482: Fail
simulation episode 6483: Fail
simulation episode 6484: Success
simulation episode 6485: Fail
simulation episode 6486: Fail
simulation episode 6487: Success
simulation episode 6488: Success
simulation episode 6489: Fail
simulation episode 6490: Fail
simulation episode 6491: Success
simulation episode 6492: Fail
simulation episode 6493: Fail
simulation episode 6494: Fail
simulation episode 6495: Fail
simulation episode 6496: Fail
simulation episode 6497: Success
simulation episode 6498: Fail
simulation episode 6499: Fail
simulation episode 6500: Success
simulation episode 6501: Success
simulation episode 6502: Success
simulation episode 6503: Success
simulation episode 6504: Success
simulation episode 6505: Fail
simulation episode 6506: Fail
simulation episode 6507: Fail
simulation episode 6508: Fail
simulation episode 6509: Fail
simulation episode 6510: Fail
simulation episode 6511: Fail
simulation episode 6512: Fail
simulation episode 6513: Success
simulation episode 6514: Fail
simulation episode 6515: Fail
simulation episode 6516: Fail
simulation episode 6517: Success
simulation episode 6518: Fail
simulation episode 6519: Fail
simulation episode 6520: Fail
simulation episode 6521: Fail
simulation episode 6522: Fail
simulation episode 6523: Fail
simulation episode 6524: Success
simulation episode 6525: Success
simulation episode 6526: Success
simulation episode 6527: Fail
simulation episode 6528: Fail
simulation episode 6529: Success
simulation episode 6530: Fail
simulation episode 6531: Fail
simulation episode 6532: Fail
simulation episode 6533: Fail
simulation episode 6534: Success
simulation episode 6535: Fail
simulation episode 6536: Fail
simulation episode 6537: Success
simulation episode 6538: Success
simulation episode 6539: Fail
simulation episode 6540: Fail
simulation episode 6541: Success
simulation episode 6542: Fail
simulation episode 6543: Fail
simulation episode 6544: Fail
simulation episode 6545: Fail
simulation episode 6546: Fail
simulation episode 6547: Fail
simulation episode 6548: Fail
simulation episode 6549: Success
simulation episode 6550: Fail
simulation episode 6551: Fail
simulation episode 6552: Success
simulation episode 6553: Fail
simulation episode 6554: Fail
simulation episode 6555: Success
simulation episode 6556: Fail
simulation episode 6557: Success
simulation episode 6558: Fail
simulation episode 6559: Success
simulation episode 6560: Success
simulation episode 6561: Success
simulation episode 6562: Success
simulation episode 6563: Fail
simulation episode 6564: Fail
simulation episode 6565: Fail
simulation episode 6566: Fail
simulation episode 6567: Success
simulation episode 6568: Fail
simulation episode 6569: Success
simulation episode 6570: Fail
simulation episode 6571: Success
simulation episode 6572: Success
simulation episode 6573: Fail
simulation episode 6574: Success
simulation episode 6575: Fail
simulation episode 6576: Success
simulation episode 6577: Fail
simulation episode 6578: Success
simulation episode 6579: Fail
simulation episode 6580: Success
simulation episode 6581: Fail
simulation episode 6582: Success
simulation episode 6583: Fail
simulation episode 6584: Success
simulation episode 6585: Success
simulation episode 6586: Fail
simulation episode 6587: Fail
simulation episode 6588: Success
simulation episode 6589: Success
simulation episode 6590: Success
simulation episode 6591: Fail
simulation episode 6592: Fail
simulation episode 6593: Fail
simulation episode 6594: Fail
simulation episode 6595: Fail
simulation episode 6596: Fail
simulation episode 6597: Fail
simulation episode 6598: Fail
simulation episode 6599: Success
simulation episode 6600: Fail
simulation episode 6601: Success
simulation episode 6602: Fail
simulation episode 6603: Success
simulation episode 6604: Fail
simulation episode 6605: Success
simulation episode 6606: Fail
simulation episode 6607: Success
simulation episode 6608: Success
simulation episode 6609: Success
simulation episode 6610: Success
simulation episode 6611: Fail
simulation episode 6612: Success
simulation episode 6613: Success
simulation episode 6614: Fail
simulation episode 6615: Success
simulation episode 6616: Fail
simulation episode 6617: Success
simulation episode 6618: Fail
simulation episode 6619: Success
simulation episode 6620: Success
simulation episode 6621: Fail
simulation episode 6622: Fail
simulation episode 6623: Success
simulation episode 6624: Success
simulation episode 6625: Fail
simulation episode 6626: Success
simulation episode 6627: Success
simulation episode 6628: Fail
simulation episode 6629: Fail
simulation episode 6630: Success
simulation episode 6631: Fail
simulation episode 6632: Success
simulation episode 6633: Fail
simulation episode 6634: Fail
simulation episode 6635: Fail
simulation episode 6636: Success
simulation episode 6637: Success
simulation episode 6638: Success
simulation episode 6639: Fail
simulation episode 6640: Fail
simulation episode 6641: Success
simulation episode 6642: Success
simulation episode 6643: Success
simulation episode 6644: Success
simulation episode 6645: Fail
simulation episode 6646: Fail
simulation episode 6647: Success
simulation episode 6648: Fail
simulation episode 6649: Fail
simulation episode 6650: Success
simulation episode 6651: Fail
simulation episode 6652: Fail
simulation episode 6653: Fail
simulation episode 6654: Fail
simulation episode 6655: Success
simulation episode 6656: Success
simulation episode 6657: Fail
simulation episode 6658: Success
simulation episode 6659: Fail
simulation episode 6660: Fail
simulation episode 6661: Fail
simulation episode 6662: Fail
simulation episode 6663: Success
simulation episode 6664: Success
simulation episode 6665: Fail
simulation episode 6666: Fail
simulation episode 6667: Fail
simulation episode 6668: Fail
simulation episode 6669: Fail
simulation episode 6670: Fail
simulation episode 6671: Fail
simulation episode 6672: Fail
simulation episode 6673: Fail
simulation episode 6674: Success
simulation episode 6675: Success
simulation episode 6676: Fail
simulation episode 6677: Fail
simulation episode 6678: Fail
simulation episode 6679: Success
simulation episode 6680: Fail
simulation episode 6681: Success
simulation episode 6682: Fail
simulation episode 6683: Fail
simulation episode 6684: Fail
simulation episode 6685: Success
simulation episode 6686: Fail
simulation episode 6687: Fail
simulation episode 6688: Fail
simulation episode 6689: Fail
simulation episode 6690: Fail
simulation episode 6691: Fail
simulation episode 6692: Success
simulation episode 6693: Success
simulation episode 6694: Fail
simulation episode 6695: Success
simulation episode 6696: Fail
simulation episode 6697: Fail
simulation episode 6698: Success
simulation episode 6699: Success
simulation episode 6700: Fail
simulation episode 6701: Fail
simulation episode 6702: Fail
simulation episode 6703: Fail
simulation episode 6704: Fail
simulation episode 6705: Fail
simulation episode 6706: Fail
simulation episode 6707: Fail
simulation episode 6708: Fail
simulation episode 6709: Fail
simulation episode 6710: Fail
simulation episode 6711: Fail
simulation episode 6712: Fail
simulation episode 6713: Success
simulation episode 6714: Fail
simulation episode 6715: Fail
simulation episode 6716: Success
simulation episode 6717: Fail
simulation episode 6718: Success
simulation episode 6719: Fail
simulation episode 6720: Success
simulation episode 6721: Fail
simulation episode 6722: Fail
simulation episode 6723: Success
simulation episode 6724: Success
simulation episode 6725: Fail
simulation episode 6726: Success
simulation episode 6727: Success
simulation episode 6728: Fail
simulation episode 6729: Fail
simulation episode 6730: Fail
simulation episode 6731: Fail
simulation episode 6732: Success
simulation episode 6733: Success
simulation episode 6734: Fail
simulation episode 6735: Fail
simulation episode 6736: Fail
simulation episode 6737: Fail
simulation episode 6738: Fail
simulation episode 6739: Fail
simulation episode 6740: Success
simulation episode 6741: Fail
simulation episode 6742: Fail
simulation episode 6743: Fail
simulation episode 6744: Success
simulation episode 6745: Success
simulation episode 6746: Fail
simulation episode 6747: Fail
simulation episode 6748: Fail
simulation episode 6749: Fail
simulation episode 6750: Fail
simulation episode 6751: Fail
simulation episode 6752: Fail
simulation episode 6753: Fail
simulation episode 6754: Fail
simulation episode 6755: Fail
simulation episode 6756: Success
simulation episode 6757: Fail
simulation episode 6758: Fail
simulation episode 6759: Fail
simulation episode 6760: Success
simulation episode 6761: Fail
simulation episode 6762: Fail
simulation episode 6763: Success
simulation episode 6764: Fail
simulation episode 6765: Fail
simulation episode 6766: Success
simulation episode 6767: Fail
simulation episode 6768: Fail
simulation episode 6769: Fail
simulation episode 6770: Fail
simulation episode 6771: Fail
simulation episode 6772: Fail
simulation episode 6773: Fail
simulation episode 6774: Success
simulation episode 6775: Success
simulation episode 6776: Fail
simulation episode 6777: Success
simulation episode 6778: Success
simulation episode 6779: Fail
simulation episode 6780: Success
simulation episode 6781: Fail
simulation episode 6782: Fail
simulation episode 6783: Fail
simulation episode 6784: Success
simulation episode 6785: Fail
simulation episode 6786: Fail
simulation episode 6787: Fail
simulation episode 6788: Fail
simulation episode 6789: Fail
simulation episode 6790: Fail
simulation episode 6791: Success
simulation episode 6792: Fail
simulation episode 6793: Fail
simulation episode 6794: Fail
simulation episode 6795: Success
simulation episode 6796: Fail
simulation episode 6797: Fail
simulation episode 6798: Success
simulation episode 6799: Fail
simulation episode 6800: Fail
simulation episode 6801: Fail
simulation episode 6802: Fail
simulation episode 6803: Success
simulation episode 6804: Fail
simulation episode 6805: Fail
simulation episode 6806: Fail
simulation episode 6807: Fail
simulation episode 6808: Fail
simulation episode 6809: Fail
simulation episode 6810: Success
simulation episode 6811: Success
simulation episode 6812: Fail
simulation episode 6813: Fail
simulation episode 6814: Fail
simulation episode 6815: Fail
simulation episode 6816: Success
simulation episode 6817: Success
simulation episode 6818: Success
simulation episode 6819: Fail
simulation episode 6820: Success
simulation episode 6821: Success
simulation episode 6822: Fail
simulation episode 6823: Success
simulation episode 6824: Success
simulation episode 6825: Fail
simulation episode 6826: Fail
simulation episode 6827: Fail
simulation episode 6828: Success
simulation episode 6829: Fail
simulation episode 6830: Fail
simulation episode 6831: Success
simulation episode 6832: Success
simulation episode 6833: Success
simulation episode 6834: Success
simulation episode 6835: Fail
simulation episode 6836: Fail
simulation episode 6837: Fail
simulation episode 6838: Success
simulation episode 6839: Fail
simulation episode 6840: Fail
simulation episode 6841: Fail
simulation episode 6842: Success
simulation episode 6843: Fail
simulation episode 6844: Fail
simulation episode 6845: Fail
simulation episode 6846: Success
simulation episode 6847: Fail
simulation episode 6848: Fail
simulation episode 6849: Fail
simulation episode 6850: Fail
simulation episode 6851: Success
simulation episode 6852: Fail
simulation episode 6853: Fail
simulation episode 6854: Fail
simulation episode 6855: Fail
simulation episode 6856: Fail
simulation episode 6857: Success
simulation episode 6858: Success
simulation episode 6859: Success
simulation episode 6860: Fail
simulation episode 6861: Fail
simulation episode 6862: Fail
simulation episode 6863: Fail
simulation episode 6864: Fail
simulation episode 6865: Fail
simulation episode 6866: Success
simulation episode 6867: Fail
simulation episode 6868: Success
simulation episode 6869: Success
simulation episode 6870: Fail
simulation episode 6871: Fail
simulation episode 6872: Fail
simulation episode 6873: Success
simulation episode 6874: Fail
simulation episode 6875: Success
simulation episode 6876: Fail
simulation episode 6877: Fail
simulation episode 6878: Success
simulation episode 6879: Fail
simulation episode 6880: Fail
simulation episode 6881: Success
simulation episode 6882: Fail
simulation episode 6883: Fail
simulation episode 6884: Success
simulation episode 6885: Fail
simulation episode 6886: Success
simulation episode 6887: Success
simulation episode 6888: Fail
simulation episode 6889: Success
simulation episode 6890: Fail
simulation episode 6891: Fail
simulation episode 6892: Fail
simulation episode 6893: Success
simulation episode 6894: Fail
simulation episode 6895: Fail
simulation episode 6896: Fail
simulation episode 6897: Fail
simulation episode 6898: Fail
simulation episode 6899: Fail
simulation episode 6900: Fail
simulation episode 6901: Success
simulation episode 6902: Fail
simulation episode 6903: Fail
simulation episode 6904: Success
simulation episode 6905: Fail
simulation episode 6906: Fail
simulation episode 6907: Success
simulation episode 6908: Fail
simulation episode 6909: Fail
simulation episode 6910: Success
simulation episode 6911: Fail
simulation episode 6912: Fail
simulation episode 6913: Success
simulation episode 6914: Fail
simulation episode 6915: Success
simulation episode 6916: Fail
simulation episode 6917: Fail
simulation episode 6918: Fail
simulation episode 6919: Fail
simulation episode 6920: Success
simulation episode 6921: Success
simulation episode 6922: Fail
simulation episode 6923: Success
simulation episode 6924: Fail
simulation episode 6925: Fail
simulation episode 6926: Success
simulation episode 6927: Success
simulation episode 6928: Fail
simulation episode 6929: Success
simulation episode 6930: Fail
simulation episode 6931: Fail
simulation episode 6932: Fail
simulation episode 6933: Fail
simulation episode 6934: Fail
simulation episode 6935: Fail
simulation episode 6936: Fail
simulation episode 6937: Fail
simulation episode 6938: Fail
simulation episode 6939: Fail
simulation episode 6940: Fail
simulation episode 6941: Success
simulation episode 6942: Fail
simulation episode 6943: Fail
simulation episode 6944: Fail
simulation episode 6945: Success
simulation episode 6946: Fail
simulation episode 6947: Fail
simulation episode 6948: Success
simulation episode 6949: Success
simulation episode 6950: Fail
simulation episode 6951: Success
simulation episode 6952: Fail
simulation episode 6953: Success
simulation episode 6954: Success
simulation episode 6955: Success
simulation episode 6956: Fail
simulation episode 6957: Fail
simulation episode 6958: Fail
simulation episode 6959: Fail
simulation episode 6960: Success
simulation episode 6961: Fail
simulation episode 6962: Success
simulation episode 6963: Fail
simulation episode 6964: Success
simulation episode 6965: Fail
simulation episode 6966: Fail
simulation episode 6967: Fail
simulation episode 6968: Fail
simulation episode 6969: Fail
simulation episode 6970: Success
simulation episode 6971: Success
simulation episode 6972: Fail
simulation episode 6973: Fail
simulation episode 6974: Success
simulation episode 6975: Success
simulation episode 6976: Success
simulation episode 6977: Fail
simulation episode 6978: Success
simulation episode 6979: Fail
simulation episode 6980: Fail
simulation episode 6981: Success
simulation episode 6982: Fail
simulation episode 6983: Fail
simulation episode 6984: Fail
simulation episode 6985: Fail
simulation episode 6986: Success
simulation episode 6987: Success
simulation episode 6988: Fail
simulation episode 6989: Fail
simulation episode 6990: Fail
simulation episode 6991: Fail
simulation episode 6992: Fail
simulation episode 6993: Fail
simulation episode 6994: Fail
simulation episode 6995: Success
simulation episode 6996: Success
simulation episode 6997: Fail
simulation episode 6998: Success
simulation episode 6999: Success
simulation episode 7000: Fail
simulation episode 7001: Success
simulation episode 7002: Fail
simulation episode 7003: Success
simulation episode 7004: Fail
simulation episode 7005: Fail
simulation episode 7006: Fail
simulation episode 7007: Success
simulation episode 7008: Fail
simulation episode 7009: Success
simulation episode 7010: Fail
simulation episode 7011: Success
simulation episode 7012: Fail
simulation episode 7013: Fail
simulation episode 7014: Fail
simulation episode 7015: Fail
simulation episode 7016: Success
simulation episode 7017: Fail
simulation episode 7018: Success
simulation episode 7019: Fail
simulation episode 7020: Success
simulation episode 7021: Fail
simulation episode 7022: Fail
simulation episode 7023: Fail
simulation episode 7024: Fail
simulation episode 7025: Success
simulation episode 7026: Fail
simulation episode 7027: Success
simulation episode 7028: Fail
simulation episode 7029: Success
simulation episode 7030: Fail
simulation episode 7031: Success
simulation episode 7032: Fail
simulation episode 7033: Fail
simulation episode 7034: Fail
simulation episode 7035: Fail
simulation episode 7036: Fail
simulation episode 7037: Fail
simulation episode 7038: Fail
simulation episode 7039: Success
simulation episode 7040: Success
simulation episode 7041: Fail
simulation episode 7042: Fail
simulation episode 7043: Success
simulation episode 7044: Fail
simulation episode 7045: Fail
simulation episode 7046: Fail
simulation episode 7047: Fail
simulation episode 7048: Success
simulation episode 7049: Success
simulation episode 7050: Fail
simulation episode 7051: Fail
simulation episode 7052: Success
simulation episode 7053: Fail
simulation episode 7054: Fail
simulation episode 7055: Fail
simulation episode 7056: Success
simulation episode 7057: Fail
simulation episode 7058: Fail
simulation episode 7059: Fail
simulation episode 7060: Success
simulation episode 7061: Success
simulation episode 7062: Fail
simulation episode 7063: Success
simulation episode 7064: Fail
simulation episode 7065: Fail
simulation episode 7066: Fail
simulation episode 7067: Fail
simulation episode 7068: Success
simulation episode 7069: Fail
simulation episode 7070: Fail
simulation episode 7071: Fail
simulation episode 7072: Success
simulation episode 7073: Fail
simulation episode 7074: Fail
simulation episode 7075: Fail
simulation episode 7076: Success
simulation episode 7077: Fail
simulation episode 7078: Fail
simulation episode 7079: Success
simulation episode 7080: Success
simulation episode 7081: Success
simulation episode 7082: Success
simulation episode 7083: Success
simulation episode 7084: Success
simulation episode 7085: Fail
simulation episode 7086: Success
simulation episode 7087: Fail
simulation episode 7088: Fail
simulation episode 7089: Fail
simulation episode 7090: Fail
simulation episode 7091: Fail
simulation episode 7092: Success
simulation episode 7093: Fail
simulation episode 7094: Success
simulation episode 7095: Success
simulation episode 7096: Success
simulation episode 7097: Success
simulation episode 7098: Success
simulation episode 7099: Success
simulation episode 7100: Success
simulation episode 7101: Fail
simulation episode 7102: Fail
simulation episode 7103: Success
simulation episode 7104: Success
simulation episode 7105: Success
simulation episode 7106: Success
simulation episode 7107: Success
simulation episode 7108: Success
simulation episode 7109: Success
simulation episode 7110: Fail
simulation episode 7111: Fail
simulation episode 7112: Success
simulation episode 7113: Fail
simulation episode 7114: Fail
simulation episode 7115: Fail
simulation episode 7116: Fail
simulation episode 7117: Fail
simulation episode 7118: Fail
simulation episode 7119: Success
simulation episode 7120: Success
simulation episode 7121: Success
simulation episode 7122: Success
simulation episode 7123: Fail
simulation episode 7124: Fail
simulation episode 7125: Success
simulation episode 7126: Fail
simulation episode 7127: Fail
simulation episode 7128: Fail
simulation episode 7129: Fail
simulation episode 7130: Fail
simulation episode 7131: Fail
simulation episode 7132: Fail
simulation episode 7133: Fail
simulation episode 7134: Fail
simulation episode 7135: Success
simulation episode 7136: Fail
simulation episode 7137: Success
simulation episode 7138: Success
simulation episode 7139: Fail
simulation episode 7140: Fail
simulation episode 7141: Fail
simulation episode 7142: Fail
simulation episode 7143: Fail
simulation episode 7144: Fail
simulation episode 7145: Fail
simulation episode 7146: Fail
simulation episode 7147: Success
simulation episode 7148: Fail
simulation episode 7149: Fail
simulation episode 7150: Success
simulation episode 7151: Success
simulation episode 7152: Success
simulation episode 7153: Success
simulation episode 7154: Fail
simulation episode 7155: Success
simulation episode 7156: Success
simulation episode 7157: Success
simulation episode 7158: Fail
simulation episode 7159: Fail
simulation episode 7160: Fail
simulation episode 7161: Fail
simulation episode 7162: Success
simulation episode 7163: Success
simulation episode 7164: Fail
simulation episode 7165: Fail
simulation episode 7166: Fail
simulation episode 7167: Fail
simulation episode 7168: Fail
simulation episode 7169: Success
simulation episode 7170: Fail
simulation episode 7171: Fail
simulation episode 7172: Success
simulation episode 7173: Success
simulation episode 7174: Fail
simulation episode 7175: Fail
simulation episode 7176: Success
simulation episode 7177: Fail
simulation episode 7178: Success
simulation episode 7179: Fail
simulation episode 7180: Success
simulation episode 7181: Fail
simulation episode 7182: Success
simulation episode 7183: Fail
simulation episode 7184: Fail
simulation episode 7185: Fail
simulation episode 7186: Fail
simulation episode 7187: Fail
simulation episode 7188: Fail
simulation episode 7189: Fail
simulation episode 7190: Fail
simulation episode 7191: Success
simulation episode 7192: Success
simulation episode 7193: Success
simulation episode 7194: Fail
simulation episode 7195: Fail
simulation episode 7196: Fail
simulation episode 7197: Success
simulation episode 7198: Fail
simulation episode 7199: Fail
simulation episode 7200: Fail
simulation episode 7201: Fail
simulation episode 7202: Success
simulation episode 7203: Fail
simulation episode 7204: Fail
simulation episode 7205: Success
simulation episode 7206: Success
simulation episode 7207: Fail
simulation episode 7208: Fail
simulation episode 7209: Success
simulation episode 7210: Fail
simulation episode 7211: Fail
simulation episode 7212: Fail
simulation episode 7213: Fail
simulation episode 7214: Fail
simulation episode 7215: Success
simulation episode 7216: Success
simulation episode 7217: Fail
simulation episode 7218: Fail
simulation episode 7219: Fail
simulation episode 7220: Success
simulation episode 7221: Success
simulation episode 7222: Fail
simulation episode 7223: Fail
simulation episode 7224: Fail
simulation episode 7225: Fail
simulation episode 7226: Fail
simulation episode 7227: Fail
simulation episode 7228: Success
simulation episode 7229: Fail
simulation episode 7230: Fail
simulation episode 7231: Success
simulation episode 7232: Fail
simulation episode 7233: Fail
simulation episode 7234: Success
simulation episode 7235: Fail
simulation episode 7236: Fail
simulation episode 7237: Success
simulation episode 7238: Fail
simulation episode 7239: Success
simulation episode 7240: Fail
simulation episode 7241: Success
simulation episode 7242: Fail
simulation episode 7243: Success
simulation episode 7244: Success
simulation episode 7245: Fail
simulation episode 7246: Fail
simulation episode 7247: Success
simulation episode 7248: Success
simulation episode 7249: Fail
simulation episode 7250: Fail
simulation episode 7251: Fail
simulation episode 7252: Success
simulation episode 7253: Fail
simulation episode 7254: Fail
simulation episode 7255: Success
simulation episode 7256: Fail
simulation episode 7257: Fail
simulation episode 7258: Success
simulation episode 7259: Success
simulation episode 7260: Fail
simulation episode 7261: Fail
simulation episode 7262: Fail
simulation episode 7263: Success
simulation episode 7264: Fail
simulation episode 7265: Success
simulation episode 7266: Success
simulation episode 7267: Fail
simulation episode 7268: Fail
simulation episode 7269: Fail
simulation episode 7270: Success
simulation episode 7271: Fail
simulation episode 7272: Fail
simulation episode 7273: Fail
simulation episode 7274: Fail
simulation episode 7275: Fail
simulation episode 7276: Fail
simulation episode 7277: Fail
simulation episode 7278: Success
simulation episode 7279: Fail
simulation episode 7280: Fail
simulation episode 7281: Fail
simulation episode 7282: Success
simulation episode 7283: Fail
simulation episode 7284: Success
simulation episode 7285: Fail
simulation episode 7286: Fail
simulation episode 7287: Success
simulation episode 7288: Fail
simulation episode 7289: Fail
simulation episode 7290: Fail
simulation episode 7291: Success
simulation episode 7292: Success
simulation episode 7293: Fail
simulation episode 7294: Fail
simulation episode 7295: Fail
simulation episode 7296: Success
simulation episode 7297: Fail
simulation episode 7298: Fail
simulation episode 7299: Fail
simulation episode 7300: Fail
simulation episode 7301: Fail
simulation episode 7302: Fail
simulation episode 7303: Fail
simulation episode 7304: Fail
simulation episode 7305: Fail
simulation episode 7306: Fail
simulation episode 7307: Success
simulation episode 7308: Fail
simulation episode 7309: Success
simulation episode 7310: Fail
simulation episode 7311: Success
simulation episode 7312: Fail
simulation episode 7313: Fail
simulation episode 7314: Fail
simulation episode 7315: Fail
simulation episode 7316: Success
simulation episode 7317: Success
simulation episode 7318: Fail
simulation episode 7319: Fail
simulation episode 7320: Fail
simulation episode 7321: Fail
simulation episode 7322: Fail
simulation episode 7323: Fail
simulation episode 7324: Success
simulation episode 7325: Success
simulation episode 7326: Fail
simulation episode 7327: Success
simulation episode 7328: Success
simulation episode 7329: Success
simulation episode 7330: Fail
simulation episode 7331: Success
simulation episode 7332: Fail
simulation episode 7333: Fail
simulation episode 7334: Fail
simulation episode 7335: Success
simulation episode 7336: Success
simulation episode 7337: Success
simulation episode 7338: Fail
simulation episode 7339: Success
simulation episode 7340: Fail
simulation episode 7341: Fail
simulation episode 7342: Fail
simulation episode 7343: Fail
simulation episode 7344: Fail
simulation episode 7345: Success
simulation episode 7346: Success
simulation episode 7347: Fail
simulation episode 7348: Fail
simulation episode 7349: Success
simulation episode 7350: Fail
simulation episode 7351: Fail
simulation episode 7352: Fail
simulation episode 7353: Fail
simulation episode 7354: Success
simulation episode 7355: Fail
simulation episode 7356: Fail
simulation episode 7357: Fail
simulation episode 7358: Success
simulation episode 7359: Success
simulation episode 7360: Success
simulation episode 7361: Success
simulation episode 7362: Fail
simulation episode 7363: Success
simulation episode 7364: Fail
simulation episode 7365: Fail
simulation episode 7366: Fail
simulation episode 7367: Fail
simulation episode 7368: Fail
simulation episode 7369: Fail
simulation episode 7370: Success
simulation episode 7371: Success
simulation episode 7372: Success
simulation episode 7373: Fail
simulation episode 7374: Fail
simulation episode 7375: Fail
simulation episode 7376: Fail
simulation episode 7377: Fail
simulation episode 7378: Fail
simulation episode 7379: Success
simulation episode 7380: Fail
simulation episode 7381: Success
simulation episode 7382: Success
simulation episode 7383: Success
simulation episode 7384: Success
simulation episode 7385: Success
simulation episode 7386: Fail
simulation episode 7387: Fail
simulation episode 7388: Fail
simulation episode 7389: Fail
simulation episode 7390: Fail
simulation episode 7391: Success
simulation episode 7392: Fail
simulation episode 7393: Success
simulation episode 7394: Fail
simulation episode 7395: Fail
simulation episode 7396: Success
simulation episode 7397: Success
simulation episode 7398: Fail
simulation episode 7399: Fail
simulation episode 7400: Fail
simulation episode 7401: Fail
simulation episode 7402: Fail
simulation episode 7403: Fail
simulation episode 7404: Fail
simulation episode 7405: Fail
simulation episode 7406: Fail
simulation episode 7407: Fail
simulation episode 7408: Fail
simulation episode 7409: Fail
simulation episode 7410: Fail
simulation episode 7411: Fail
simulation episode 7412: Fail
simulation episode 7413: Success
simulation episode 7414: Fail
simulation episode 7415: Fail
simulation episode 7416: Fail
simulation episode 7417: Success
simulation episode 7418: Fail
simulation episode 7419: Success
simulation episode 7420: Fail
simulation episode 7421: Success
simulation episode 7422: Fail
simulation episode 7423: Fail
simulation episode 7424: Fail
simulation episode 7425: Success
simulation episode 7426: Fail
simulation episode 7427: Success
simulation episode 7428: Fail
simulation episode 7429: Success
simulation episode 7430: Fail
simulation episode 7431: Fail
simulation episode 7432: Fail
simulation episode 7433: Fail
simulation episode 7434: Fail
simulation episode 7435: Success
simulation episode 7436: Fail
simulation episode 7437: Fail
simulation episode 7438: Fail
simulation episode 7439: Fail
simulation episode 7440: Fail
simulation episode 7441: Success
simulation episode 7442: Fail
simulation episode 7443: Fail
simulation episode 7444: Success
simulation episode 7445: Success
simulation episode 7446: Fail
simulation episode 7447: Fail
simulation episode 7448: Success
simulation episode 7449: Fail
simulation episode 7450: Fail
simulation episode 7451: Fail
simulation episode 7452: Success
simulation episode 7453: Success
simulation episode 7454: Fail
simulation episode 7455: Fail
simulation episode 7456: Fail
simulation episode 7457: Fail
simulation episode 7458: Fail
simulation episode 7459: Fail
simulation episode 7460: Success
simulation episode 7461: Fail
simulation episode 7462: Fail
simulation episode 7463: Success
simulation episode 7464: Fail
simulation episode 7465: Fail
simulation episode 7466: Fail
simulation episode 7467: Fail
simulation episode 7468: Success
simulation episode 7469: Fail
simulation episode 7470: Fail
simulation episode 7471: Fail
simulation episode 7472: Fail
simulation episode 7473: Fail
simulation episode 7474: Success
simulation episode 7475: Fail
simulation episode 7476: Fail
simulation episode 7477: Fail
simulation episode 7478: Fail
simulation episode 7479: Fail
simulation episode 7480: Fail
simulation episode 7481: Fail
simulation episode 7482: Success
simulation episode 7483: Fail
simulation episode 7484: Fail
simulation episode 7485: Fail
simulation episode 7486: Fail
simulation episode 7487: Fail
simulation episode 7488: Fail
simulation episode 7489: Success
simulation episode 7490: Success
simulation episode 7491: Success
simulation episode 7492: Success
simulation episode 7493: Fail
simulation episode 7494: Success
simulation episode 7495: Fail
simulation episode 7496: Fail
simulation episode 7497: Fail
simulation episode 7498: Fail
simulation episode 7499: Success
simulation episode 7500: Fail
simulation episode 7501: Success
simulation episode 7502: Fail
simulation episode 7503: Success
simulation episode 7504: Fail
simulation episode 7505: Fail
simulation episode 7506: Fail
simulation episode 7507: Fail
simulation episode 7508: Fail
simulation episode 7509: Success
simulation episode 7510: Success
simulation episode 7511: Success
simulation episode 7512: Fail
simulation episode 7513: Fail
simulation episode 7514: Fail
simulation episode 7515: Fail
simulation episode 7516: Fail
simulation episode 7517: Fail
simulation episode 7518: Fail
simulation episode 7519: Success
simulation episode 7520: Fail
simulation episode 7521: Fail
simulation episode 7522: Fail
simulation episode 7523: Success
simulation episode 7524: Fail
simulation episode 7525: Success
simulation episode 7526: Fail
simulation episode 7527: Fail
simulation episode 7528: Success
simulation episode 7529: Success
simulation episode 7530: Fail
simulation episode 7531: Success
simulation episode 7532: Fail
simulation episode 7533: Fail
simulation episode 7534: Fail
simulation episode 7535: Success
simulation episode 7536: Success
simulation episode 7537: Success
simulation episode 7538: Fail
simulation episode 7539: Fail
simulation episode 7540: Fail
simulation episode 7541: Fail
simulation episode 7542: Success
simulation episode 7543: Success
simulation episode 7544: Fail
simulation episode 7545: Fail
simulation episode 7546: Success
simulation episode 7547: Success
simulation episode 7548: Success
simulation episode 7549: Fail
simulation episode 7550: Success
simulation episode 7551: Fail
simulation episode 7552: Fail
simulation episode 7553: Fail
simulation episode 7554: Fail
simulation episode 7555: Fail
simulation episode 7556: Fail
simulation episode 7557: Fail
simulation episode 7558: Success
simulation episode 7559: Fail
simulation episode 7560: Success
simulation episode 7561: Fail
simulation episode 7562: Fail
simulation episode 7563: Success
simulation episode 7564: Fail
simulation episode 7565: Fail
simulation episode 7566: Fail
simulation episode 7567: Success
simulation episode 7568: Success
simulation episode 7569: Fail
simulation episode 7570: Success
simulation episode 7571: Fail
simulation episode 7572: Success
simulation episode 7573: Success
simulation episode 7574: Success
simulation episode 7575: Fail
simulation episode 7576: Success
simulation episode 7577: Success
simulation episode 7578: Success
simulation episode 7579: Success
simulation episode 7580: Fail
simulation episode 7581: Fail
simulation episode 7582: Fail
simulation episode 7583: Fail
simulation episode 7584: Fail
simulation episode 7585: Fail
simulation episode 7586: Success
simulation episode 7587: Success
simulation episode 7588: Fail
simulation episode 7589: Success
simulation episode 7590: Fail
simulation episode 7591: Success
simulation episode 7592: Success
simulation episode 7593: Success
simulation episode 7594: Success
simulation episode 7595: Fail
simulation episode 7596: Fail
simulation episode 7597: Success
simulation episode 7598: Success
simulation episode 7599: Fail
simulation episode 7600: Fail
simulation episode 7601: Fail
simulation episode 7602: Fail
simulation episode 7603: Success
simulation episode 7604: Fail
simulation episode 7605: Success
simulation episode 7606: Fail
simulation episode 7607: Fail
simulation episode 7608: Fail
simulation episode 7609: Fail
simulation episode 7610: Success
simulation episode 7611: Fail
simulation episode 7612: Fail
simulation episode 7613: Fail
simulation episode 7614: Fail
simulation episode 7615: Success
simulation episode 7616: Success
simulation episode 7617: Fail
simulation episode 7618: Success
simulation episode 7619: Fail
simulation episode 7620: Fail
simulation episode 7621: Success
simulation episode 7622: Fail
simulation episode 7623: Fail
simulation episode 7624: Fail
simulation episode 7625: Fail
simulation episode 7626: Fail
simulation episode 7627: Fail
simulation episode 7628: Success
simulation episode 7629: Fail
simulation episode 7630: Success
simulation episode 7631: Success
simulation episode 7632: Fail
simulation episode 7633: Fail
simulation episode 7634: Success
simulation episode 7635: Fail
simulation episode 7636: Success
simulation episode 7637: Fail
simulation episode 7638: Fail
simulation episode 7639: Fail
simulation episode 7640: Success
simulation episode 7641: Fail
simulation episode 7642: Success
simulation episode 7643: Fail
simulation episode 7644: Fail
simulation episode 7645: Fail
simulation episode 7646: Success
simulation episode 7647: Fail
simulation episode 7648: Fail
simulation episode 7649: Success
simulation episode 7650: Fail
simulation episode 7651: Fail
simulation episode 7652: Success
simulation episode 7653: Success
simulation episode 7654: Fail
simulation episode 7655: Fail
simulation episode 7656: Fail
simulation episode 7657: Fail
simulation episode 7658: Fail
simulation episode 7659: Fail
simulation episode 7660: Fail
simulation episode 7661: Fail
simulation episode 7662: Fail
simulation episode 7663: Success
simulation episode 7664: Fail
simulation episode 7665: Fail
simulation episode 7666: Fail
simulation episode 7667: Fail
simulation episode 7668: Fail
simulation episode 7669: Fail
simulation episode 7670: Success
simulation episode 7671: Fail
simulation episode 7672: Success
simulation episode 7673: Success
simulation episode 7674: Success
simulation episode 7675: Success
simulation episode 7676: Fail
simulation episode 7677: Fail
simulation episode 7678: Fail
simulation episode 7679: Fail
simulation episode 7680: Fail
simulation episode 7681: Fail
simulation episode 7682: Fail
simulation episode 7683: Fail
simulation episode 7684: Fail
simulation episode 7685: Success
simulation episode 7686: Fail
simulation episode 7687: Fail
simulation episode 7688: Success
simulation episode 7689: Success
simulation episode 7690: Fail
simulation episode 7691: Fail
simulation episode 7692: Fail
simulation episode 7693: Success
simulation episode 7694: Fail
simulation episode 7695: Fail
simulation episode 7696: Fail
simulation episode 7697: Fail
simulation episode 7698: Fail
simulation episode 7699: Success
simulation episode 7700: Fail
simulation episode 7701: Success
simulation episode 7702: Fail
simulation episode 7703: Fail
simulation episode 7704: Fail
simulation episode 7705: Success
simulation episode 7706: Fail
simulation episode 7707: Fail
simulation episode 7708: Fail
simulation episode 7709: Success
simulation episode 7710: Success
simulation episode 7711: Fail
simulation episode 7712: Success
simulation episode 7713: Fail
simulation episode 7714: Fail
simulation episode 7715: Fail
simulation episode 7716: Fail
simulation episode 7717: Fail
simulation episode 7718: Success
simulation episode 7719: Success
simulation episode 7720: Success
simulation episode 7721: Fail
simulation episode 7722: Success
simulation episode 7723: Fail
simulation episode 7724: Fail
simulation episode 7725: Success
simulation episode 7726: Fail
simulation episode 7727: Fail
simulation episode 7728: Fail
simulation episode 7729: Fail
simulation episode 7730: Fail
simulation episode 7731: Success
simulation episode 7732: Fail
simulation episode 7733: Fail
simulation episode 7734: Success
simulation episode 7735: Fail
simulation episode 7736: Fail
simulation episode 7737: Fail
simulation episode 7738: Fail
simulation episode 7739: Fail
simulation episode 7740: Fail
simulation episode 7741: Success
simulation episode 7742: Fail
simulation episode 7743: Success
simulation episode 7744: Fail
simulation episode 7745: Fail
simulation episode 7746: Success
simulation episode 7747: Fail
simulation episode 7748: Success
simulation episode 7749: Success
simulation episode 7750: Success
simulation episode 7751: Success
simulation episode 7752: Fail
simulation episode 7753: Fail
simulation episode 7754: Fail
simulation episode 7755: Success
simulation episode 7756: Success
simulation episode 7757: Fail
simulation episode 7758: Fail
simulation episode 7759: Success
simulation episode 7760: Fail
simulation episode 7761: Success
simulation episode 7762: Fail
simulation episode 7763: Fail
simulation episode 7764: Success
simulation episode 7765: Fail
simulation episode 7766: Fail
simulation episode 7767: Fail
simulation episode 7768: Fail
simulation episode 7769: Success
simulation episode 7770: Fail
simulation episode 7771: Success
simulation episode 7772: Success
simulation episode 7773: Fail
simulation episode 7774: Fail
simulation episode 7775: Fail
simulation episode 7776: Success
simulation episode 7777: Fail
simulation episode 7778: Fail
simulation episode 7779: Fail
simulation episode 7780: Success
simulation episode 7781: Fail
simulation episode 7782: Fail
simulation episode 7783: Success
simulation episode 7784: Fail
simulation episode 7785: Fail
simulation episode 7786: Success
simulation episode 7787: Success
simulation episode 7788: Fail
simulation episode 7789: Fail
simulation episode 7790: Fail
simulation episode 7791: Fail
simulation episode 7792: Fail
simulation episode 7793: Success
simulation episode 7794: Fail
simulation episode 7795: Fail
simulation episode 7796: Fail
simulation episode 7797: Success
simulation episode 7798: Fail
simulation episode 7799: Fail
simulation episode 7800: Fail
simulation episode 7801: Success
simulation episode 7802: Fail
simulation episode 7803: Success
simulation episode 7804: Fail
simulation episode 7805: Fail
simulation episode 7806: Success
simulation episode 7807: Fail
simulation episode 7808: Fail
simulation episode 7809: Fail
simulation episode 7810: Success
simulation episode 7811: Fail
simulation episode 7812: Fail
simulation episode 7813: Fail
simulation episode 7814: Fail
simulation episode 7815: Success
simulation episode 7816: Fail
simulation episode 7817: Fail
simulation episode 7818: Fail
simulation episode 7819: Success
simulation episode 7820: Success
simulation episode 7821: Success
simulation episode 7822: Fail
simulation episode 7823: Fail
simulation episode 7824: Success
simulation episode 7825: Success
simulation episode 7826: Fail
simulation episode 7827: Fail
simulation episode 7828: Success
simulation episode 7829: Success
simulation episode 7830: Fail
simulation episode 7831: Fail
simulation episode 7832: Fail
simulation episode 7833: Success
simulation episode 7834: Fail
simulation episode 7835: Fail
simulation episode 7836: Fail
simulation episode 7837: Success
simulation episode 7838: Fail
simulation episode 7839: Success
simulation episode 7840: Fail
simulation episode 7841: Fail
simulation episode 7842: Fail
simulation episode 7843: Success
simulation episode 7844: Success
simulation episode 7845: Fail
simulation episode 7846: Fail
simulation episode 7847: Fail
simulation episode 7848: Fail
simulation episode 7849: Fail
simulation episode 7850: Fail
simulation episode 7851: Fail
simulation episode 7852: Success
simulation episode 7853: Success
simulation episode 7854: Fail
simulation episode 7855: Fail
simulation episode 7856: Fail
simulation episode 7857: Success
simulation episode 7858: Fail
simulation episode 7859: Fail
simulation episode 7860: Fail
simulation episode 7861: Success
simulation episode 7862: Success
simulation episode 7863: Fail
simulation episode 7864: Fail
simulation episode 7865: Fail
simulation episode 7866: Fail
simulation episode 7867: Success
simulation episode 7868: Success
simulation episode 7869: Success
simulation episode 7870: Fail
simulation episode 7871: Fail
simulation episode 7872: Success
simulation episode 7873: Fail
simulation episode 7874: Fail
simulation episode 7875: Success
simulation episode 7876: Success
simulation episode 7877: Success
simulation episode 7878: Fail
simulation episode 7879: Success
simulation episode 7880: Success
simulation episode 7881: Fail
simulation episode 7882: Success
simulation episode 7883: Fail
simulation episode 7884: Fail
simulation episode 7885: Success
simulation episode 7886: Fail
simulation episode 7887: Fail
simulation episode 7888: Fail
simulation episode 7889: Fail
simulation episode 7890: Success
simulation episode 7891: Fail
simulation episode 7892: Success
simulation episode 7893: Fail
simulation episode 7894: Success
simulation episode 7895: Success
simulation episode 7896: Fail
simulation episode 7897: Fail
simulation episode 7898: Success
simulation episode 7899: Success
simulation episode 7900: Fail
simulation episode 7901: Success
simulation episode 7902: Fail
simulation episode 7903: Fail
simulation episode 7904: Fail
simulation episode 7905: Fail
simulation episode 7906: Fail
simulation episode 7907: Success
simulation episode 7908: Success
simulation episode 7909: Success
simulation episode 7910: Fail
simulation episode 7911: Success
simulation episode 7912: Success
simulation episode 7913: Fail
simulation episode 7914: Success
simulation episode 7915: Success
simulation episode 7916: Fail
simulation episode 7917: Fail
simulation episode 7918: Success
simulation episode 7919: Fail
simulation episode 7920: Fail
simulation episode 7921: Success
simulation episode 7922: Success
simulation episode 7923: Success
simulation episode 7924: Fail
simulation episode 7925: Success
simulation episode 7926: Fail
simulation episode 7927: Fail
simulation episode 7928: Fail
simulation episode 7929: Fail
simulation episode 7930: Fail
simulation episode 7931: Fail
simulation episode 7932: Fail
simulation episode 7933: Fail
simulation episode 7934: Fail
simulation episode 7935: Success
simulation episode 7936: Success
simulation episode 7937: Fail
simulation episode 7938: Fail
simulation episode 7939: Success
simulation episode 7940: Fail
simulation episode 7941: Fail
simulation episode 7942: Fail
simulation episode 7943: Fail
simulation episode 7944: Success
simulation episode 7945: Fail
simulation episode 7946: Success
simulation episode 7947: Fail
simulation episode 7948: Success
simulation episode 7949: Success
simulation episode 7950: Fail
simulation episode 7951: Fail
simulation episode 7952: Fail
simulation episode 7953: Fail
simulation episode 7954: Fail
simulation episode 7955: Success
simulation episode 7956: Success
simulation episode 7957: Success
simulation episode 7958: Fail
simulation episode 7959: Success
simulation episode 7960: Fail
simulation episode 7961: Fail
simulation episode 7962: Success
simulation episode 7963: Fail
simulation episode 7964: Success
simulation episode 7965: Success
simulation episode 7966: Fail
simulation episode 7967: Fail
simulation episode 7968: Fail
simulation episode 7969: Fail
simulation episode 7970: Fail
simulation episode 7971: Fail
simulation episode 7972: Fail
simulation episode 7973: Fail
simulation episode 7974: Success
simulation episode 7975: Fail
simulation episode 7976: Fail
simulation episode 7977: Fail
simulation episode 7978: Fail
simulation episode 7979: Fail
simulation episode 7980: Success
simulation episode 7981: Fail
simulation episode 7982: Fail
simulation episode 7983: Fail
simulation episode 7984: Fail
simulation episode 7985: Success
simulation episode 7986: Success
simulation episode 7987: Fail
simulation episode 7988: Fail
simulation episode 7989: Fail
simulation episode 7990: Success
simulation episode 7991: Success
simulation episode 7992: Fail
simulation episode 7993: Fail
simulation episode 7994: Success
simulation episode 7995: Fail
simulation episode 7996: Success
simulation episode 7997: Fail
simulation episode 7998: Success
simulation episode 7999: Fail
simulation episode 8000: Success
simulation episode 8001: Success
simulation episode 8002: Fail
simulation episode 8003: Fail
simulation episode 8004: Fail
simulation episode 8005: Fail
simulation episode 8006: Success
simulation episode 8007: Fail
simulation episode 8008: Fail
simulation episode 8009: Success
simulation episode 8010: Success
simulation episode 8011: Fail
simulation episode 8012: Fail
simulation episode 8013: Fail
simulation episode 8014: Success
simulation episode 8015: Fail
simulation episode 8016: Fail
simulation episode 8017: Fail
simulation episode 8018: Fail
simulation episode 8019: Success
simulation episode 8020: Fail
simulation episode 8021: Fail
simulation episode 8022: Success
simulation episode 8023: Fail
simulation episode 8024: Fail
simulation episode 8025: Fail
simulation episode 8026: Fail
simulation episode 8027: Fail
simulation episode 8028: Fail
simulation episode 8029: Success
simulation episode 8030: Fail
simulation episode 8031: Fail
simulation episode 8032: Success
simulation episode 8033: Fail
simulation episode 8034: Fail
simulation episode 8035: Fail
simulation episode 8036: Success
simulation episode 8037: Fail
simulation episode 8038: Fail
simulation episode 8039: Fail
simulation episode 8040: Success
simulation episode 8041: Fail
simulation episode 8042: Fail
simulation episode 8043: Success
simulation episode 8044: Fail
simulation episode 8045: Success
simulation episode 8046: Success
simulation episode 8047: Fail
simulation episode 8048: Success
simulation episode 8049: Fail
simulation episode 8050: Success
simulation episode 8051: Success
simulation episode 8052: Fail
simulation episode 8053: Fail
simulation episode 8054: Fail
simulation episode 8055: Fail
simulation episode 8056: Success
simulation episode 8057: Success
simulation episode 8058: Success
simulation episode 8059: Fail
simulation episode 8060: Fail
simulation episode 8061: Success
simulation episode 8062: Fail
simulation episode 8063: Fail
simulation episode 8064: Success
simulation episode 8065: Success
simulation episode 8066: Fail
simulation episode 8067: Fail
simulation episode 8068: Fail
simulation episode 8069: Fail
simulation episode 8070: Success
simulation episode 8071: Success
simulation episode 8072: Fail
simulation episode 8073: Fail
simulation episode 8074: Success
simulation episode 8075: Success
simulation episode 8076: Fail
simulation episode 8077: Fail
simulation episode 8078: Fail
simulation episode 8079: Fail
simulation episode 8080: Fail
simulation episode 8081: Success
simulation episode 8082: Fail
simulation episode 8083: Fail
simulation episode 8084: Fail
simulation episode 8085: Fail
simulation episode 8086: Success
simulation episode 8087: Success
simulation episode 8088: Fail
simulation episode 8089: Success
simulation episode 8090: Fail
simulation episode 8091: Fail
simulation episode 8092: Fail
simulation episode 8093: Fail
simulation episode 8094: Fail
simulation episode 8095: Success
simulation episode 8096: Fail
simulation episode 8097: Success
simulation episode 8098: Fail
simulation episode 8099: Success
simulation episode 8100: Fail
simulation episode 8101: Fail
simulation episode 8102: Success
simulation episode 8103: Fail
simulation episode 8104: Fail
simulation episode 8105: Success
simulation episode 8106: Fail
simulation episode 8107: Fail
simulation episode 8108: Fail
simulation episode 8109: Fail
simulation episode 8110: Fail
simulation episode 8111: Success
simulation episode 8112: Success
simulation episode 8113: Fail
simulation episode 8114: Fail
simulation episode 8115: Fail
simulation episode 8116: Fail
simulation episode 8117: Fail
simulation episode 8118: Fail
simulation episode 8119: Fail
simulation episode 8120: Fail
simulation episode 8121: Success
simulation episode 8122: Success
simulation episode 8123: Fail
simulation episode 8124: Fail
simulation episode 8125: Success
simulation episode 8126: Success
simulation episode 8127: Fail
simulation episode 8128: Fail
simulation episode 8129: Fail
simulation episode 8130: Fail
simulation episode 8131: Success
simulation episode 8132: Fail
simulation episode 8133: Success
simulation episode 8134: Success
simulation episode 8135: Fail
simulation episode 8136: Fail
simulation episode 8137: Fail
simulation episode 8138: Fail
simulation episode 8139: Fail
simulation episode 8140: Fail
simulation episode 8141: Fail
simulation episode 8142: Fail
simulation episode 8143: Success
simulation episode 8144: Fail
simulation episode 8145: Fail
simulation episode 8146: Fail
simulation episode 8147: Success
simulation episode 8148: Fail
simulation episode 8149: Success
simulation episode 8150: Success
simulation episode 8151: Success
simulation episode 8152: Fail
simulation episode 8153: Success
simulation episode 8154: Fail
simulation episode 8155: Success
simulation episode 8156: Success
simulation episode 8157: Fail
simulation episode 8158: Success
simulation episode 8159: Fail
simulation episode 8160: Fail
simulation episode 8161: Fail
simulation episode 8162: Fail
simulation episode 8163: Fail
simulation episode 8164: Fail
simulation episode 8165: Fail
simulation episode 8166: Success
simulation episode 8167: Fail
simulation episode 8168: Fail
simulation episode 8169: Fail
simulation episode 8170: Success
simulation episode 8171: Fail
simulation episode 8172: Fail
simulation episode 8173: Fail
simulation episode 8174: Success
simulation episode 8175: Fail
simulation episode 8176: Success
simulation episode 8177: Fail
simulation episode 8178: Fail
simulation episode 8179: Success
simulation episode 8180: Fail
simulation episode 8181: Success
simulation episode 8182: Fail
simulation episode 8183: Fail
simulation episode 8184: Fail
simulation episode 8185: Fail
simulation episode 8186: Fail
simulation episode 8187: Success
simulation episode 8188: Fail
simulation episode 8189: Fail
simulation episode 8190: Fail
simulation episode 8191: Success
simulation episode 8192: Success
simulation episode 8193: Success
simulation episode 8194: Success
simulation episode 8195: Success
simulation episode 8196: Fail
simulation episode 8197: Fail
simulation episode 8198: Fail
simulation episode 8199: Fail
simulation episode 8200: Fail
simulation episode 8201: Fail
simulation episode 8202: Success
simulation episode 8203: Success
simulation episode 8204: Fail
simulation episode 8205: Success
simulation episode 8206: Fail
simulation episode 8207: Fail
simulation episode 8208: Success
simulation episode 8209: Success
simulation episode 8210: Fail
simulation episode 8211: Success
simulation episode 8212: Fail
simulation episode 8213: Success
simulation episode 8214: Fail
simulation episode 8215: Fail
simulation episode 8216: Fail
simulation episode 8217: Fail
simulation episode 8218: Fail
simulation episode 8219: Success
simulation episode 8220: Fail
simulation episode 8221: Success
simulation episode 8222: Fail
simulation episode 8223: Success
simulation episode 8224: Success
simulation episode 8225: Success
simulation episode 8226: Success
simulation episode 8227: Success
simulation episode 8228: Fail
simulation episode 8229: Success
simulation episode 8230: Fail
simulation episode 8231: Fail
simulation episode 8232: Fail
simulation episode 8233: Fail
simulation episode 8234: Fail
simulation episode 8235: Success
simulation episode 8236: Fail
simulation episode 8237: Fail
simulation episode 8238: Success
simulation episode 8239: Success
simulation episode 8240: Success
simulation episode 8241: Success
simulation episode 8242: Fail
simulation episode 8243: Success
simulation episode 8244: Success
simulation episode 8245: Success
simulation episode 8246: Fail
simulation episode 8247: Success
simulation episode 8248: Success
simulation episode 8249: Fail
simulation episode 8250: Success
simulation episode 8251: Fail
simulation episode 8252: Fail
simulation episode 8253: Fail
simulation episode 8254: Fail
simulation episode 8255: Fail
simulation episode 8256: Fail
simulation episode 8257: Success
simulation episode 8258: Success
simulation episode 8259: Success
simulation episode 8260: Success
simulation episode 8261: Fail
simulation episode 8262: Success
simulation episode 8263: Success
simulation episode 8264: Success
simulation episode 8265: Fail
simulation episode 8266: Fail
simulation episode 8267: Fail
simulation episode 8268: Success
simulation episode 8269: Fail
simulation episode 8270: Fail
simulation episode 8271: Fail
simulation episode 8272: Fail
simulation episode 8273: Success
simulation episode 8274: Fail
simulation episode 8275: Fail
simulation episode 8276: Fail
simulation episode 8277: Fail
simulation episode 8278: Fail
simulation episode 8279: Fail
simulation episode 8280: Fail
simulation episode 8281: Fail
simulation episode 8282: Success
simulation episode 8283: Fail
simulation episode 8284: Fail
simulation episode 8285: Success
simulation episode 8286: Success
simulation episode 8287: Fail
simulation episode 8288: Fail
simulation episode 8289: Success
simulation episode 8290: Fail
simulation episode 8291: Success
simulation episode 8292: Success
simulation episode 8293: Fail
simulation episode 8294: Fail
simulation episode 8295: Success
simulation episode 8296: Fail
simulation episode 8297: Fail
simulation episode 8298: Success
simulation episode 8299: Fail
simulation episode 8300: Fail
simulation episode 8301: Fail
simulation episode 8302: Fail
simulation episode 8303: Fail
simulation episode 8304: Fail
simulation episode 8305: Fail
simulation episode 8306: Fail
simulation episode 8307: Fail
simulation episode 8308: Fail
simulation episode 8309: Fail
simulation episode 8310: Success
simulation episode 8311: Fail
simulation episode 8312: Fail
simulation episode 8313: Fail
simulation episode 8314: Fail
simulation episode 8315: Success
simulation episode 8316: Success
simulation episode 8317: Fail
simulation episode 8318: Success
simulation episode 8319: Success
simulation episode 8320: Fail
simulation episode 8321: Fail
simulation episode 8322: Fail
simulation episode 8323: Fail
simulation episode 8324: Success
simulation episode 8325: Fail
simulation episode 8326: Fail
simulation episode 8327: Fail
simulation episode 8328: Success
simulation episode 8329: Fail
simulation episode 8330: Success
simulation episode 8331: Success
simulation episode 8332: Fail
simulation episode 8333: Fail
simulation episode 8334: Fail
simulation episode 8335: Fail
simulation episode 8336: Fail
simulation episode 8337: Fail
simulation episode 8338: Fail
simulation episode 8339: Success
simulation episode 8340: Success
simulation episode 8341: Fail
simulation episode 8342: Fail
simulation episode 8343: Fail
simulation episode 8344: Success
simulation episode 8345: Fail
simulation episode 8346: Success
simulation episode 8347: Fail
simulation episode 8348: Success
simulation episode 8349: Success
simulation episode 8350: Success
simulation episode 8351: Success
simulation episode 8352: Fail
simulation episode 8353: Fail
simulation episode 8354: Success
simulation episode 8355: Success
simulation episode 8356: Success
simulation episode 8357: Fail
simulation episode 8358: Success
simulation episode 8359: Success
simulation episode 8360: Fail
simulation episode 8361: Fail
simulation episode 8362: Fail
simulation episode 8363: Fail
simulation episode 8364: Success
simulation episode 8365: Success
simulation episode 8366: Success
simulation episode 8367: Fail
simulation episode 8368: Success
simulation episode 8369: Success
simulation episode 8370: Fail
simulation episode 8371: Fail
simulation episode 8372: Fail
simulation episode 8373: Success
simulation episode 8374: Fail
simulation episode 8375: Success
simulation episode 8376: Fail
simulation episode 8377: Fail
simulation episode 8378: Fail
simulation episode 8379: Fail
simulation episode 8380: Fail
simulation episode 8381: Fail
simulation episode 8382: Fail
simulation episode 8383: Fail
simulation episode 8384: Success
simulation episode 8385: Success
simulation episode 8386: Fail
simulation episode 8387: Success
simulation episode 8388: Fail
simulation episode 8389: Success
simulation episode 8390: Fail
simulation episode 8391: Success
simulation episode 8392: Fail
simulation episode 8393: Success
simulation episode 8394: Success
simulation episode 8395: Success
simulation episode 8396: Fail
simulation episode 8397: Fail
simulation episode 8398: Success
simulation episode 8399: Fail
simulation episode 8400: Fail
simulation episode 8401: Success
simulation episode 8402: Fail
simulation episode 8403: Fail
simulation episode 8404: Fail
simulation episode 8405: Success
simulation episode 8406: Success
simulation episode 8407: Success
simulation episode 8408: Success
simulation episode 8409: Fail
simulation episode 8410: Fail
simulation episode 8411: Fail
simulation episode 8412: Success
simulation episode 8413: Fail
simulation episode 8414: Success
simulation episode 8415: Success
simulation episode 8416: Success
simulation episode 8417: Fail
simulation episode 8418: Fail
simulation episode 8419: Fail
simulation episode 8420: Fail
simulation episode 8421: Success
simulation episode 8422: Success
simulation episode 8423: Fail
simulation episode 8424: Success
simulation episode 8425: Fail
simulation episode 8426: Fail
simulation episode 8427: Fail
simulation episode 8428: Fail
simulation episode 8429: Fail
simulation episode 8430: Fail
simulation episode 8431: Fail
simulation episode 8432: Success
simulation episode 8433: Fail
simulation episode 8434: Success
simulation episode 8435: Success
simulation episode 8436: Fail
simulation episode 8437: Fail
simulation episode 8438: Fail
simulation episode 8439: Success
simulation episode 8440: Fail
simulation episode 8441: Fail
simulation episode 8442: Fail
simulation episode 8443: Fail
simulation episode 8444: Fail
simulation episode 8445: Fail
simulation episode 8446: Fail
simulation episode 8447: Success
simulation episode 8448: Success
simulation episode 8449: Fail
simulation episode 8450: Success
simulation episode 8451: Success
simulation episode 8452: Fail
simulation episode 8453: Fail
simulation episode 8454: Success
simulation episode 8455: Fail
simulation episode 8456: Fail
simulation episode 8457: Fail
simulation episode 8458: Fail
simulation episode 8459: Success
simulation episode 8460: Success
simulation episode 8461: Success
simulation episode 8462: Fail
simulation episode 8463: Fail
simulation episode 8464: Success
simulation episode 8465: Fail
simulation episode 8466: Fail
simulation episode 8467: Fail
simulation episode 8468: Fail
simulation episode 8469: Fail
simulation episode 8470: Fail
simulation episode 8471: Fail
simulation episode 8472: Success
simulation episode 8473: Fail
simulation episode 8474: Fail
simulation episode 8475: Fail
simulation episode 8476: Success
simulation episode 8477: Success
simulation episode 8478: Fail
simulation episode 8479: Fail
simulation episode 8480: Success
simulation episode 8481: Fail
simulation episode 8482: Success
simulation episode 8483: Fail
simulation episode 8484: Fail
simulation episode 8485: Fail
simulation episode 8486: Success
simulation episode 8487: Fail
simulation episode 8488: Success
simulation episode 8489: Fail
simulation episode 8490: Fail
simulation episode 8491: Success
simulation episode 8492: Fail
simulation episode 8493: Fail
simulation episode 8494: Fail
simulation episode 8495: Success
simulation episode 8496: Success
simulation episode 8497: Fail
simulation episode 8498: Fail
simulation episode 8499: Fail
simulation episode 8500: Fail
simulation episode 8501: Fail
simulation episode 8502: Fail
simulation episode 8503: Success
simulation episode 8504: Fail
simulation episode 8505: Fail
simulation episode 8506: Fail
simulation episode 8507: Fail
simulation episode 8508: Fail
simulation episode 8509: Fail
simulation episode 8510: Fail
simulation episode 8511: Fail
simulation episode 8512: Success
simulation episode 8513: Success
simulation episode 8514: Success
simulation episode 8515: Fail
simulation episode 8516: Success
simulation episode 8517: Success
simulation episode 8518: Fail
simulation episode 8519: Success
simulation episode 8520: Fail
simulation episode 8521: Fail
simulation episode 8522: Fail
simulation episode 8523: Fail
simulation episode 8524: Fail
simulation episode 8525: Fail
simulation episode 8526: Fail
simulation episode 8527: Fail
simulation episode 8528: Success
simulation episode 8529: Fail
simulation episode 8530: Fail
simulation episode 8531: Success
simulation episode 8532: Success
simulation episode 8533: Success
simulation episode 8534: Fail
simulation episode 8535: Success
simulation episode 8536: Fail
simulation episode 8537: Fail
simulation episode 8538: Success
simulation episode 8539: Success
simulation episode 8540: Success
simulation episode 8541: Fail
simulation episode 8542: Success
simulation episode 8543: Success
simulation episode 8544: Success
simulation episode 8545: Success
simulation episode 8546: Fail
simulation episode 8547: Fail
simulation episode 8548: Fail
simulation episode 8549: Fail
simulation episode 8550: Success
simulation episode 8551: Fail
simulation episode 8552: Success
simulation episode 8553: Success
simulation episode 8554: Fail
simulation episode 8555: Fail
simulation episode 8556: Fail
simulation episode 8557: Success
simulation episode 8558: Success
simulation episode 8559: Fail
simulation episode 8560: Success
simulation episode 8561: Fail
simulation episode 8562: Success
simulation episode 8563: Fail
simulation episode 8564: Success
simulation episode 8565: Fail
simulation episode 8566: Fail
simulation episode 8567: Success
simulation episode 8568: Success
simulation episode 8569: Success
simulation episode 8570: Fail
simulation episode 8571: Success
simulation episode 8572: Fail
simulation episode 8573: Success
simulation episode 8574: Fail
simulation episode 8575: Fail
simulation episode 8576: Fail
simulation episode 8577: Fail
simulation episode 8578: Success
simulation episode 8579: Fail
simulation episode 8580: Fail
simulation episode 8581: Fail
simulation episode 8582: Fail
simulation episode 8583: Fail
simulation episode 8584: Fail
simulation episode 8585: Fail
simulation episode 8586: Success
simulation episode 8587: Success
simulation episode 8588: Fail
simulation episode 8589: Fail
simulation episode 8590: Fail
simulation episode 8591: Fail
simulation episode 8592: Fail
simulation episode 8593: Fail
simulation episode 8594: Success
simulation episode 8595: Fail
simulation episode 8596: Fail
simulation episode 8597: Success
simulation episode 8598: Fail
simulation episode 8599: Fail
simulation episode 8600: Fail
simulation episode 8601: Success
simulation episode 8602: Success
simulation episode 8603: Fail
simulation episode 8604: Fail
simulation episode 8605: Fail
simulation episode 8606: Fail
simulation episode 8607: Success
simulation episode 8608: Fail
simulation episode 8609: Fail
simulation episode 8610: Fail
simulation episode 8611: Fail
simulation episode 8612: Fail
simulation episode 8613: Fail
simulation episode 8614: Fail
simulation episode 8615: Fail
simulation episode 8616: Success
simulation episode 8617: Success
simulation episode 8618: Fail
simulation episode 8619: Fail
simulation episode 8620: Fail
simulation episode 8621: Fail
simulation episode 8622: Fail
simulation episode 8623: Fail
simulation episode 8624: Success
simulation episode 8625: Fail
simulation episode 8626: Fail
simulation episode 8627: Fail
simulation episode 8628: Success
simulation episode 8629: Fail
simulation episode 8630: Fail
simulation episode 8631: Fail
simulation episode 8632: Success
simulation episode 8633: Fail
simulation episode 8634: Success
simulation episode 8635: Fail
simulation episode 8636: Fail
simulation episode 8637: Success
simulation episode 8638: Fail
simulation episode 8639: Fail
simulation episode 8640: Fail
simulation episode 8641: Success
simulation episode 8642: Fail
simulation episode 8643: Fail
simulation episode 8644: Fail
simulation episode 8645: Fail
simulation episode 8646: Fail
simulation episode 8647: Fail
simulation episode 8648: Fail
simulation episode 8649: Fail
simulation episode 8650: Fail
simulation episode 8651: Fail
simulation episode 8652: Fail
simulation episode 8653: Fail
simulation episode 8654: Fail
simulation episode 8655: Fail
simulation episode 8656: Success
simulation episode 8657: Success
simulation episode 8658: Success
simulation episode 8659: Fail
simulation episode 8660: Fail
simulation episode 8661: Fail
simulation episode 8662: Fail
simulation episode 8663: Fail
simulation episode 8664: Fail
simulation episode 8665: Fail
simulation episode 8666: Fail
simulation episode 8667: Success
simulation episode 8668: Fail
simulation episode 8669: Fail
simulation episode 8670: Success
simulation episode 8671: Fail
simulation episode 8672: Fail
simulation episode 8673: Fail
simulation episode 8674: Fail
simulation episode 8675: Success
simulation episode 8676: Fail
simulation episode 8677: Fail
simulation episode 8678: Success
simulation episode 8679: Fail
simulation episode 8680: Success
simulation episode 8681: Success
simulation episode 8682: Fail
simulation episode 8683: Success
simulation episode 8684: Success
simulation episode 8685: Fail
simulation episode 8686: Fail
simulation episode 8687: Success
simulation episode 8688: Fail
simulation episode 8689: Fail
simulation episode 8690: Success
simulation episode 8691: Fail
simulation episode 8692: Fail
simulation episode 8693: Success
simulation episode 8694: Fail
simulation episode 8695: Success
simulation episode 8696: Fail
simulation episode 8697: Success
simulation episode 8698: Fail
simulation episode 8699: Fail
simulation episode 8700: Success
simulation episode 8701: Success
simulation episode 8702: Fail
simulation episode 8703: Fail
simulation episode 8704: Fail
simulation episode 8705: Success
simulation episode 8706: Fail
simulation episode 8707: Fail
simulation episode 8708: Fail
simulation episode 8709: Success
simulation episode 8710: Fail
simulation episode 8711: Success
simulation episode 8712: Fail
simulation episode 8713: Fail
simulation episode 8714: Fail
simulation episode 8715: Success
simulation episode 8716: Fail
simulation episode 8717: Fail
simulation episode 8718: Fail
simulation episode 8719: Success
simulation episode 8720: Fail
simulation episode 8721: Fail
simulation episode 8722: Fail
simulation episode 8723: Fail
simulation episode 8724: Success
simulation episode 8725: Fail
simulation episode 8726: Fail
simulation episode 8727: Success
simulation episode 8728: Fail
simulation episode 8729: Fail
simulation episode 8730: Success
simulation episode 8731: Success
simulation episode 8732: Success
simulation episode 8733: Success
simulation episode 8734: Fail
simulation episode 8735: Success
simulation episode 8736: Fail
simulation episode 8737: Fail
simulation episode 8738: Success
simulation episode 8739: Fail
simulation episode 8740: Success
simulation episode 8741: Fail
simulation episode 8742: Fail
simulation episode 8743: Fail
simulation episode 8744: Fail
simulation episode 8745: Fail
simulation episode 8746: Success
simulation episode 8747: Fail
simulation episode 8748: Fail
simulation episode 8749: Fail
simulation episode 8750: Fail
simulation episode 8751: Fail
simulation episode 8752: Success
simulation episode 8753: Fail
simulation episode 8754: Fail
simulation episode 8755: Success
simulation episode 8756: Fail
simulation episode 8757: Fail
simulation episode 8758: Fail
simulation episode 8759: Fail
simulation episode 8760: Fail
simulation episode 8761: Success
simulation episode 8762: Success
simulation episode 8763: Success
simulation episode 8764: Fail
simulation episode 8765: Success
simulation episode 8766: Fail
simulation episode 8767: Fail
simulation episode 8768: Fail
simulation episode 8769: Fail
simulation episode 8770: Fail
simulation episode 8771: Fail
simulation episode 8772: Success
simulation episode 8773: Fail
simulation episode 8774: Fail
simulation episode 8775: Success
simulation episode 8776: Fail
simulation episode 8777: Fail
simulation episode 8778: Fail
simulation episode 8779: Success
simulation episode 8780: Success
simulation episode 8781: Fail
simulation episode 8782: Fail
simulation episode 8783: Success
simulation episode 8784: Success
simulation episode 8785: Fail
simulation episode 8786: Success
simulation episode 8787: Fail
simulation episode 8788: Fail
simulation episode 8789: Success
simulation episode 8790: Fail
simulation episode 8791: Success
simulation episode 8792: Fail
simulation episode 8793: Success
simulation episode 8794: Fail
simulation episode 8795: Success
simulation episode 8796: Fail
simulation episode 8797: Fail
simulation episode 8798: Fail
simulation episode 8799: Fail
simulation episode 8800: Fail
simulation episode 8801: Fail
simulation episode 8802: Fail
simulation episode 8803: Success
simulation episode 8804: Success
simulation episode 8805: Fail
simulation episode 8806: Fail
simulation episode 8807: Fail
simulation episode 8808: Fail
simulation episode 8809: Fail
simulation episode 8810: Fail
simulation episode 8811: Success
simulation episode 8812: Fail
simulation episode 8813: Success
simulation episode 8814: Success
simulation episode 8815: Fail
simulation episode 8816: Success
simulation episode 8817: Success
simulation episode 8818: Success
simulation episode 8819: Fail
simulation episode 8820: Success
simulation episode 8821: Fail
simulation episode 8822: Fail
simulation episode 8823: Success
simulation episode 8824: Fail
simulation episode 8825: Fail
simulation episode 8826: Success
simulation episode 8827: Fail
simulation episode 8828: Fail
simulation episode 8829: Fail
simulation episode 8830: Fail
simulation episode 8831: Fail
simulation episode 8832: Fail
simulation episode 8833: Fail
simulation episode 8834: Fail
simulation episode 8835: Fail
simulation episode 8836: Fail
simulation episode 8837: Success
simulation episode 8838: Fail
simulation episode 8839: Fail
simulation episode 8840: Fail
simulation episode 8841: Success
simulation episode 8842: Success
simulation episode 8843: Fail
simulation episode 8844: Fail
simulation episode 8845: Fail
simulation episode 8846: Fail
simulation episode 8847: Fail
simulation episode 8848: Fail
simulation episode 8849: Fail
simulation episode 8850: Success
simulation episode 8851: Success
simulation episode 8852: Fail
simulation episode 8853: Success
simulation episode 8854: Fail
simulation episode 8855: Fail
simulation episode 8856: Fail
simulation episode 8857: Fail
simulation episode 8858: Success
simulation episode 8859: Fail
simulation episode 8860: Fail
simulation episode 8861: Fail
simulation episode 8862: Fail
simulation episode 8863: Fail
simulation episode 8864: Fail
simulation episode 8865: Success
simulation episode 8866: Fail
simulation episode 8867: Fail
simulation episode 8868: Success
simulation episode 8869: Fail
simulation episode 8870: Fail
simulation episode 8871: Success
simulation episode 8872: Success
simulation episode 8873: Fail
simulation episode 8874: Fail
simulation episode 8875: Success
simulation episode 8876: Success
simulation episode 8877: Fail
simulation episode 8878: Fail
simulation episode 8879: Fail
simulation episode 8880: Fail
simulation episode 8881: Success
simulation episode 8882: Success
simulation episode 8883: Success
simulation episode 8884: Success
simulation episode 8885: Fail
simulation episode 8886: Fail
simulation episode 8887: Fail
simulation episode 8888: Fail
simulation episode 8889: Fail
simulation episode 8890: Fail
simulation episode 8891: Fail
simulation episode 8892: Fail
simulation episode 8893: Fail
simulation episode 8894: Fail
simulation episode 8895: Fail
simulation episode 8896: Fail
simulation episode 8897: Fail
simulation episode 8898: Fail
simulation episode 8899: Success
simulation episode 8900: Success
simulation episode 8901: Success
simulation episode 8902: Fail
simulation episode 8903: Success
simulation episode 8904: Success
simulation episode 8905: Success
simulation episode 8906: Success
simulation episode 8907: Fail
simulation episode 8908: Fail
simulation episode 8909: Fail
simulation episode 8910: Fail
simulation episode 8911: Fail
simulation episode 8912: Success
simulation episode 8913: Fail
simulation episode 8914: Fail
simulation episode 8915: Success
simulation episode 8916: Success
simulation episode 8917: Success
simulation episode 8918: Fail
simulation episode 8919: Fail
simulation episode 8920: Success
simulation episode 8921: Success
simulation episode 8922: Fail
simulation episode 8923: Fail
simulation episode 8924: Fail
simulation episode 8925: Fail
simulation episode 8926: Success
simulation episode 8927: Fail
simulation episode 8928: Success
simulation episode 8929: Fail
simulation episode 8930: Success
simulation episode 8931: Fail
simulation episode 8932: Success
simulation episode 8933: Success
simulation episode 8934: Fail
simulation episode 8935: Success
simulation episode 8936: Success
simulation episode 8937: Success
simulation episode 8938: Fail
simulation episode 8939: Success
simulation episode 8940: Success
simulation episode 8941: Fail
simulation episode 8942: Fail
simulation episode 8943: Fail
simulation episode 8944: Fail
simulation episode 8945: Fail
simulation episode 8946: Fail
simulation episode 8947: Fail
simulation episode 8948: Fail
simulation episode 8949: Fail
simulation episode 8950: Fail
simulation episode 8951: Fail
simulation episode 8952: Fail
simulation episode 8953: Fail
simulation episode 8954: Success
simulation episode 8955: Success
simulation episode 8956: Fail
simulation episode 8957: Fail
simulation episode 8958: Fail
simulation episode 8959: Success
simulation episode 8960: Success
simulation episode 8961: Fail
simulation episode 8962: Success
simulation episode 8963: Success
simulation episode 8964: Fail
simulation episode 8965: Fail
simulation episode 8966: Fail
simulation episode 8967: Fail
simulation episode 8968: Fail
simulation episode 8969: Fail
simulation episode 8970: Fail
simulation episode 8971: Success
simulation episode 8972: Fail
simulation episode 8973: Fail
simulation episode 8974: Success
simulation episode 8975: Fail
simulation episode 8976: Success
simulation episode 8977: Success
simulation episode 8978: Success
simulation episode 8979: Fail
simulation episode 8980: Fail
simulation episode 8981: Success
simulation episode 8982: Fail
simulation episode 8983: Success
simulation episode 8984: Fail
simulation episode 8985: Success
simulation episode 8986: Success
simulation episode 8987: Fail
simulation episode 8988: Success
simulation episode 8989: Success
simulation episode 8990: Fail
simulation episode 8991: Fail
simulation episode 8992: Success
simulation episode 8993: Fail
simulation episode 8994: Success
simulation episode 8995: Success
simulation episode 8996: Fail
simulation episode 8997: Fail
simulation episode 8998: Fail
simulation episode 8999: Fail
simulation episode 9000: Success
simulation episode 9001: Fail
simulation episode 9002: Fail
simulation episode 9003: Fail
simulation episode 9004: Success
simulation episode 9005: Fail
simulation episode 9006: Fail
simulation episode 9007: Success
simulation episode 9008: Fail
simulation episode 9009: Fail
simulation episode 9010: Success
simulation episode 9011: Fail
simulation episode 9012: Fail
simulation episode 9013: Fail
simulation episode 9014: Fail
simulation episode 9015: Fail
simulation episode 9016: Fail
simulation episode 9017: Fail
simulation episode 9018: Fail
simulation episode 9019: Fail
simulation episode 9020: Success
simulation episode 9021: Fail
simulation episode 9022: Fail
simulation episode 9023: Success
simulation episode 9024: Success
simulation episode 9025: Success
simulation episode 9026: Fail
simulation episode 9027: Success
simulation episode 9028: Fail
simulation episode 9029: Fail
simulation episode 9030: Fail
simulation episode 9031: Fail
simulation episode 9032: Success
simulation episode 9033: Fail
simulation episode 9034: Success
simulation episode 9035: Success
simulation episode 9036: Fail
simulation episode 9037: Success
simulation episode 9038: Fail
simulation episode 9039: Success
simulation episode 9040: Fail
simulation episode 9041: Fail
simulation episode 9042: Fail
simulation episode 9043: Fail
simulation episode 9044: Fail
simulation episode 9045: Fail
simulation episode 9046: Fail
simulation episode 9047: Fail
simulation episode 9048: Fail
simulation episode 9049: Success
simulation episode 9050: Success
simulation episode 9051: Success
simulation episode 9052: Fail
simulation episode 9053: Fail
simulation episode 9054: Fail
simulation episode 9055: Fail
simulation episode 9056: Fail
simulation episode 9057: Success
simulation episode 9058: Success
simulation episode 9059: Fail
simulation episode 9060: Success
simulation episode 9061: Fail
simulation episode 9062: Fail
simulation episode 9063: Fail
simulation episode 9064: Fail
simulation episode 9065: Success
simulation episode 9066: Fail
simulation episode 9067: Success
simulation episode 9068: Success
simulation episode 9069: Fail
simulation episode 9070: Fail
simulation episode 9071: Fail
simulation episode 9072: Success
simulation episode 9073: Success
simulation episode 9074: Fail
simulation episode 9075: Fail
simulation episode 9076: Fail
simulation episode 9077: Success
simulation episode 9078: Fail
simulation episode 9079: Success
simulation episode 9080: Success
simulation episode 9081: Success
simulation episode 9082: Fail
simulation episode 9083: Success
simulation episode 9084: Success
simulation episode 9085: Fail
simulation episode 9086: Fail
simulation episode 9087: Fail
simulation episode 9088: Success
simulation episode 9089: Fail
simulation episode 9090: Success
simulation episode 9091: Fail
simulation episode 9092: Fail
simulation episode 9093: Fail
simulation episode 9094: Fail
simulation episode 9095: Success
simulation episode 9096: Success
simulation episode 9097: Success
simulation episode 9098: Success
simulation episode 9099: Fail
simulation episode 9100: Fail
simulation episode 9101: Fail
simulation episode 9102: Fail
simulation episode 9103: Fail
simulation episode 9104: Success
simulation episode 9105: Success
simulation episode 9106: Success
simulation episode 9107: Fail
simulation episode 9108: Success
simulation episode 9109: Success
simulation episode 9110: Fail
simulation episode 9111: Fail
simulation episode 9112: Fail
simulation episode 9113: Success
simulation episode 9114: Success
simulation episode 9115: Fail
simulation episode 9116: Success
simulation episode 9117: Success
simulation episode 9118: Success
simulation episode 9119: Fail
simulation episode 9120: Fail
simulation episode 9121: Fail
simulation episode 9122: Fail
simulation episode 9123: Fail
simulation episode 9124: Success
simulation episode 9125: Success
simulation episode 9126: Success
simulation episode 9127: Fail
simulation episode 9128: Success
simulation episode 9129: Success
simulation episode 9130: Fail
simulation episode 9131: Success
simulation episode 9132: Fail
simulation episode 9133: Fail
simulation episode 9134: Fail
simulation episode 9135: Success
simulation episode 9136: Success
simulation episode 9137: Success
simulation episode 9138: Fail
simulation episode 9139: Fail
simulation episode 9140: Success
simulation episode 9141: Success
simulation episode 9142: Fail
simulation episode 9143: Success
simulation episode 9144: Success
simulation episode 9145: Fail
simulation episode 9146: Fail
simulation episode 9147: Fail
simulation episode 9148: Success
simulation episode 9149: Fail
simulation episode 9150: Fail
simulation episode 9151: Success
simulation episode 9152: Success
simulation episode 9153: Fail
simulation episode 9154: Success
simulation episode 9155: Success
simulation episode 9156: Success
simulation episode 9157: Fail
simulation episode 9158: Fail
simulation episode 9159: Success
simulation episode 9160: Fail
simulation episode 9161: Fail
simulation episode 9162: Fail
simulation episode 9163: Fail
simulation episode 9164: Success
simulation episode 9165: Success
simulation episode 9166: Fail
simulation episode 9167: Success
simulation episode 9168: Fail
simulation episode 9169: Fail
simulation episode 9170: Fail
simulation episode 9171: Success
simulation episode 9172: Success
simulation episode 9173: Success
simulation episode 9174: Fail
simulation episode 9175: Success
simulation episode 9176: Fail
simulation episode 9177: Fail
simulation episode 9178: Success
simulation episode 9179: Fail
simulation episode 9180: Success
simulation episode 9181: Success
simulation episode 9182: Fail
simulation episode 9183: Fail
simulation episode 9184: Fail
simulation episode 9185: Fail
simulation episode 9186: Success
simulation episode 9187: Fail
simulation episode 9188: Success
simulation episode 9189: Fail
simulation episode 9190: Fail
simulation episode 9191: Success
simulation episode 9192: Fail
simulation episode 9193: Fail
simulation episode 9194: Fail
simulation episode 9195: Fail
simulation episode 9196: Fail
simulation episode 9197: Success
simulation episode 9198: Fail
simulation episode 9199: Success
simulation episode 9200: Success
simulation episode 9201: Success
simulation episode 9202: Fail
simulation episode 9203: Success
simulation episode 9204: Fail
simulation episode 9205: Success
simulation episode 9206: Fail
simulation episode 9207: Fail
simulation episode 9208: Fail
simulation episode 9209: Fail
simulation episode 9210: Fail
simulation episode 9211: Fail
simulation episode 9212: Success
simulation episode 9213: Fail
simulation episode 9214: Fail
simulation episode 9215: Fail
simulation episode 9216: Fail
simulation episode 9217: Success
simulation episode 9218: Fail
simulation episode 9219: Fail
simulation episode 9220: Fail
simulation episode 9221: Fail
simulation episode 9222: Success
simulation episode 9223: Fail
simulation episode 9224: Success
simulation episode 9225: Success
simulation episode 9226: Success
simulation episode 9227: Success
simulation episode 9228: Fail
simulation episode 9229: Fail
simulation episode 9230: Fail
simulation episode 9231: Fail
simulation episode 9232: Success
simulation episode 9233: Fail
simulation episode 9234: Fail
simulation episode 9235: Success
simulation episode 9236: Fail
simulation episode 9237: Success
simulation episode 9238: Fail
simulation episode 9239: Fail
simulation episode 9240: Success
simulation episode 9241: Fail
simulation episode 9242: Fail
simulation episode 9243: Fail
simulation episode 9244: Fail
simulation episode 9245: Fail
simulation episode 9246: Fail
simulation episode 9247: Fail
simulation episode 9248: Fail
simulation episode 9249: Fail
simulation episode 9250: Fail
simulation episode 9251: Success
simulation episode 9252: Fail
simulation episode 9253: Success
simulation episode 9254: Success
simulation episode 9255: Success
simulation episode 9256: Success
simulation episode 9257: Fail
simulation episode 9258: Fail
simulation episode 9259: Success
simulation episode 9260: Fail
simulation episode 9261: Fail
simulation episode 9262: Success
simulation episode 9263: Fail
simulation episode 9264: Fail
simulation episode 9265: Fail
simulation episode 9266: Fail
simulation episode 9267: Fail
simulation episode 9268: Fail
simulation episode 9269: Success
simulation episode 9270: Success
simulation episode 9271: Success
simulation episode 9272: Fail
simulation episode 9273: Fail
simulation episode 9274: Fail
simulation episode 9275: Success
simulation episode 9276: Fail
simulation episode 9277: Fail
simulation episode 9278: Fail
simulation episode 9279: Fail
simulation episode 9280: Fail
simulation episode 9281: Fail
simulation episode 9282: Fail
simulation episode 9283: Success
simulation episode 9284: Success
simulation episode 9285: Fail
simulation episode 9286: Fail
simulation episode 9287: Success
simulation episode 9288: Success
simulation episode 9289: Success
simulation episode 9290: Fail
simulation episode 9291: Success
simulation episode 9292: Success
simulation episode 9293: Fail
simulation episode 9294: Fail
simulation episode 9295: Fail
simulation episode 9296: Fail
simulation episode 9297: Fail
simulation episode 9298: Success
simulation episode 9299: Fail
simulation episode 9300: Fail
simulation episode 9301: Success
simulation episode 9302: Fail
simulation episode 9303: Success
simulation episode 9304: Fail
simulation episode 9305: Fail
simulation episode 9306: Fail
simulation episode 9307: Fail
simulation episode 9308: Fail
simulation episode 9309: Fail
simulation episode 9310: Fail
simulation episode 9311: Fail
simulation episode 9312: Success
simulation episode 9313: Success
simulation episode 9314: Fail
simulation episode 9315: Success
simulation episode 9316: Fail
simulation episode 9317: Fail
simulation episode 9318: Success
simulation episode 9319: Fail
simulation episode 9320: Success
simulation episode 9321: Fail
simulation episode 9322: Fail
simulation episode 9323: Success
simulation episode 9324: Fail
simulation episode 9325: Fail
simulation episode 9326: Fail
simulation episode 9327: Fail
simulation episode 9328: Success
simulation episode 9329: Success
simulation episode 9330: Fail
simulation episode 9331: Fail
simulation episode 9332: Fail
simulation episode 9333: Fail
simulation episode 9334: Success
simulation episode 9335: Fail
simulation episode 9336: Fail
simulation episode 9337: Fail
simulation episode 9338: Fail
simulation episode 9339: Success
simulation episode 9340: Fail
simulation episode 9341: Fail
simulation episode 9342: Fail
simulation episode 9343: Success
simulation episode 9344: Fail
simulation episode 9345: Success
simulation episode 9346: Fail
simulation episode 9347: Fail
simulation episode 9348: Success
simulation episode 9349: Fail
simulation episode 9350: Fail
simulation episode 9351: Fail
simulation episode 9352: Success
simulation episode 9353: Fail
simulation episode 9354: Success
simulation episode 9355: Fail
simulation episode 9356: Fail
simulation episode 9357: Success
simulation episode 9358: Fail
simulation episode 9359: Success
simulation episode 9360: Fail
simulation episode 9361: Success
simulation episode 9362: Fail
simulation episode 9363: Success
simulation episode 9364: Fail
simulation episode 9365: Fail
simulation episode 9366: Fail
simulation episode 9367: Success
simulation episode 9368: Fail
simulation episode 9369: Success
simulation episode 9370: Fail
simulation episode 9371: Success
simulation episode 9372: Success
simulation episode 9373: Fail
simulation episode 9374: Success
simulation episode 9375: Fail
simulation episode 9376: Fail
simulation episode 9377: Fail
simulation episode 9378: Success
simulation episode 9379: Success
simulation episode 9380: Success
simulation episode 9381: Success
simulation episode 9382: Fail
simulation episode 9383: Success
simulation episode 9384: Fail
simulation episode 9385: Fail
simulation episode 9386: Success
simulation episode 9387: Fail
simulation episode 9388: Success
simulation episode 9389: Fail
simulation episode 9390: Fail
simulation episode 9391: Fail
simulation episode 9392: Success
simulation episode 9393: Success
simulation episode 9394: Fail
simulation episode 9395: Success
simulation episode 9396: Fail
simulation episode 9397: Fail
simulation episode 9398: Fail
simulation episode 9399: Fail
simulation episode 9400: Fail
simulation episode 9401: Success
simulation episode 9402: Fail
simulation episode 9403: Fail
simulation episode 9404: Fail
simulation episode 9405: Fail
simulation episode 9406: Fail
simulation episode 9407: Fail
simulation episode 9408: Fail
simulation episode 9409: Fail
simulation episode 9410: Fail
simulation episode 9411: Success
simulation episode 9412: Fail
simulation episode 9413: Fail
simulation episode 9414: Success
simulation episode 9415: Fail
simulation episode 9416: Fail
simulation episode 9417: Fail
simulation episode 9418: Fail
simulation episode 9419: Fail
simulation episode 9420: Fail
simulation episode 9421: Success
simulation episode 9422: Fail
simulation episode 9423: Success
simulation episode 9424: Fail
simulation episode 9425: Fail
simulation episode 9426: Fail
simulation episode 9427: Fail
simulation episode 9428: Fail
simulation episode 9429: Fail
simulation episode 9430: Success
simulation episode 9431: Fail
simulation episode 9432: Success
simulation episode 9433: Success
simulation episode 9434: Fail
simulation episode 9435: Fail
simulation episode 9436: Success
simulation episode 9437: Fail
simulation episode 9438: Fail
simulation episode 9439: Success
simulation episode 9440: Fail
simulation episode 9441: Fail
simulation episode 9442: Fail
simulation episode 9443: Success
simulation episode 9444: Fail
simulation episode 9445: Success
simulation episode 9446: Success
simulation episode 9447: Fail
simulation episode 9448: Fail
simulation episode 9449: Success
simulation episode 9450: Fail
simulation episode 9451: Fail
simulation episode 9452: Success
simulation episode 9453: Fail
simulation episode 9454: Fail
simulation episode 9455: Fail
simulation episode 9456: Fail
simulation episode 9457: Fail
simulation episode 9458: Fail
simulation episode 9459: Fail
simulation episode 9460: Fail
simulation episode 9461: Success
simulation episode 9462: Fail
simulation episode 9463: Fail
simulation episode 9464: Fail
simulation episode 9465: Fail
simulation episode 9466: Fail
simulation episode 9467: Success
simulation episode 9468: Fail
simulation episode 9469: Success
simulation episode 9470: Fail
simulation episode 9471: Fail
simulation episode 9472: Success
simulation episode 9473: Fail
simulation episode 9474: Fail
simulation episode 9475: Success
simulation episode 9476: Fail
simulation episode 9477: Success
simulation episode 9478: Fail
simulation episode 9479: Fail
simulation episode 9480: Success
simulation episode 9481: Success
simulation episode 9482: Fail
simulation episode 9483: Fail
simulation episode 9484: Fail
simulation episode 9485: Fail
simulation episode 9486: Success
simulation episode 9487: Fail
simulation episode 9488: Fail
simulation episode 9489: Fail
simulation episode 9490: Fail
simulation episode 9491: Success
simulation episode 9492: Fail
simulation episode 9493: Fail
simulation episode 9494: Fail
simulation episode 9495: Success
simulation episode 9496: Success
simulation episode 9497: Fail
simulation episode 9498: Success
simulation episode 9499: Fail
simulation episode 9500: Success
simulation episode 9501: Fail
simulation episode 9502: Success
simulation episode 9503: Success
simulation episode 9504: Fail
simulation episode 9505: Fail
simulation episode 9506: Fail
simulation episode 9507: Fail
simulation episode 9508: Fail
simulation episode 9509: Fail
simulation episode 9510: Fail
simulation episode 9511: Success
simulation episode 9512: Fail
simulation episode 9513: Success
simulation episode 9514: Success
simulation episode 9515: Fail
simulation episode 9516: Fail
simulation episode 9517: Success
simulation episode 9518: Fail
simulation episode 9519: Fail
simulation episode 9520: Fail
simulation episode 9521: Fail
simulation episode 9522: Success
simulation episode 9523: Fail
simulation episode 9524: Fail
simulation episode 9525: Fail
simulation episode 9526: Success
simulation episode 9527: Fail
simulation episode 9528: Fail
simulation episode 9529: Fail
simulation episode 9530: Fail
simulation episode 9531: Success
simulation episode 9532: Fail
simulation episode 9533: Fail
simulation episode 9534: Success
simulation episode 9535: Fail
simulation episode 9536: Fail
simulation episode 9537: Fail
simulation episode 9538: Fail
simulation episode 9539: Success
simulation episode 9540: Fail
simulation episode 9541: Fail
simulation episode 9542: Fail
simulation episode 9543: Fail
simulation episode 9544: Fail
simulation episode 9545: Fail
simulation episode 9546: Fail
simulation episode 9547: Fail
simulation episode 9548: Fail
simulation episode 9549: Fail
simulation episode 9550: Success
simulation episode 9551: Fail
simulation episode 9552: Fail
simulation episode 9553: Fail
simulation episode 9554: Fail
simulation episode 9555: Fail
simulation episode 9556: Fail
simulation episode 9557: Success
simulation episode 9558: Success
simulation episode 9559: Fail
simulation episode 9560: Fail
simulation episode 9561: Fail
simulation episode 9562: Success
simulation episode 9563: Fail
simulation episode 9564: Fail
simulation episode 9565: Fail
simulation episode 9566: Fail
simulation episode 9567: Fail
simulation episode 9568: Fail
simulation episode 9569: Fail
simulation episode 9570: Fail
simulation episode 9571: Success
simulation episode 9572: Fail
simulation episode 9573: Fail
simulation episode 9574: Fail
simulation episode 9575: Fail
simulation episode 9576: Fail
simulation episode 9577: Fail
simulation episode 9578: Success
simulation episode 9579: Fail
simulation episode 9580: Fail
simulation episode 9581: Fail
simulation episode 9582: Fail
simulation episode 9583: Fail
simulation episode 9584: Fail
simulation episode 9585: Success
simulation episode 9586: Fail
simulation episode 9587: Fail
simulation episode 9588: Fail
simulation episode 9589: Fail
simulation episode 9590: Fail
simulation episode 9591: Fail
simulation episode 9592: Fail
simulation episode 9593: Fail
simulation episode 9594: Success
simulation episode 9595: Success
simulation episode 9596: Fail
simulation episode 9597: Fail
simulation episode 9598: Fail
simulation episode 9599: Success
simulation episode 9600: Success
simulation episode 9601: Success
simulation episode 9602: Fail
simulation episode 9603: Fail
simulation episode 9604: Fail
simulation episode 9605: Fail
simulation episode 9606: Fail
simulation episode 9607: Fail
simulation episode 9608: Success
simulation episode 9609: Fail
simulation episode 9610: Success
simulation episode 9611: Fail
simulation episode 9612: Fail
simulation episode 9613: Fail
simulation episode 9614: Success
simulation episode 9615: Success
simulation episode 9616: Fail
simulation episode 9617: Success
simulation episode 9618: Fail
simulation episode 9619: Success
simulation episode 9620: Fail
simulation episode 9621: Fail
simulation episode 9622: Fail
simulation episode 9623: Fail
simulation episode 9624: Success
simulation episode 9625: Fail
simulation episode 9626: Fail
simulation episode 9627: Success
simulation episode 9628: Fail
simulation episode 9629: Fail
simulation episode 9630: Fail
simulation episode 9631: Fail
simulation episode 9632: Fail
simulation episode 9633: Fail
simulation episode 9634: Fail
simulation episode 9635: Success
simulation episode 9636: Fail
simulation episode 9637: Success
simulation episode 9638: Success
simulation episode 9639: Success
simulation episode 9640: Fail
simulation episode 9641: Fail
simulation episode 9642: Success
simulation episode 9643: Fail
simulation episode 9644: Fail
simulation episode 9645: Fail
simulation episode 9646: Fail
simulation episode 9647: Fail
simulation episode 9648: Fail
simulation episode 9649: Fail
simulation episode 9650: Fail
simulation episode 9651: Success
simulation episode 9652: Fail
simulation episode 9653: Fail
simulation episode 9654: Fail
simulation episode 9655: Fail
simulation episode 9656: Success
simulation episode 9657: Success
simulation episode 9658: Success
simulation episode 9659: Success
simulation episode 9660: Fail
simulation episode 9661: Success
simulation episode 9662: Success
simulation episode 9663: Success
simulation episode 9664: Fail
simulation episode 9665: Success
simulation episode 9666: Success
simulation episode 9667: Success
simulation episode 9668: Success
simulation episode 9669: Fail
simulation episode 9670: Success
simulation episode 9671: Fail
simulation episode 9672: Success
simulation episode 9673: Fail
simulation episode 9674: Fail
simulation episode 9675: Fail
simulation episode 9676: Fail
simulation episode 9677: Fail
simulation episode 9678: Fail
simulation episode 9679: Success
simulation episode 9680: Fail
simulation episode 9681: Fail
simulation episode 9682: Fail
simulation episode 9683: Success
simulation episode 9684: Fail
simulation episode 9685: Success
simulation episode 9686: Fail
simulation episode 9687: Fail
simulation episode 9688: Fail
simulation episode 9689: Success
simulation episode 9690: Fail
simulation episode 9691: Success
simulation episode 9692: Fail
simulation episode 9693: Success
simulation episode 9694: Fail
simulation episode 9695: Fail
simulation episode 9696: Fail
simulation episode 9697: Success
simulation episode 9698: Fail
simulation episode 9699: Fail
simulation episode 9700: Success
simulation episode 9701: Success
simulation episode 9702: Success
simulation episode 9703: Success
simulation episode 9704: Fail
simulation episode 9705: Fail
simulation episode 9706: Success
simulation episode 9707: Fail
simulation episode 9708: Success
simulation episode 9709: Fail
simulation episode 9710: Success
simulation episode 9711: Fail
simulation episode 9712: Success
simulation episode 9713: Success
simulation episode 9714: Fail
simulation episode 9715: Success
simulation episode 9716: Fail
simulation episode 9717: Fail
simulation episode 9718: Success
simulation episode 9719: Success
simulation episode 9720: Success
simulation episode 9721: Success
simulation episode 9722: Fail
simulation episode 9723: Fail
simulation episode 9724: Fail
simulation episode 9725: Fail
simulation episode 9726: Fail
simulation episode 9727: Success
simulation episode 9728: Fail
simulation episode 9729: Success
simulation episode 9730: Fail
simulation episode 9731: Success
simulation episode 9732: Fail
simulation episode 9733: Success
simulation episode 9734: Success
simulation episode 9735: Success
simulation episode 9736: Fail
simulation episode 9737: Success
simulation episode 9738: Fail
simulation episode 9739: Success
simulation episode 9740: Fail
simulation episode 9741: Success
simulation episode 9742: Fail
simulation episode 9743: Success
simulation episode 9744: Fail
simulation episode 9745: Fail
simulation episode 9746: Success
simulation episode 9747: Success
simulation episode 9748: Success
simulation episode 9749: Fail
simulation episode 9750: Fail
simulation episode 9751: Success
simulation episode 9752: Fail
simulation episode 9753: Fail
simulation episode 9754: Fail
simulation episode 9755: Fail
simulation episode 9756: Fail
simulation episode 9757: Fail
simulation episode 9758: Fail
simulation episode 9759: Fail
simulation episode 9760: Fail
simulation episode 9761: Fail
simulation episode 9762: Success
simulation episode 9763: Success
simulation episode 9764: Fail
simulation episode 9765: Success
simulation episode 9766: Fail
simulation episode 9767: Success
simulation episode 9768: Success
simulation episode 9769: Fail
simulation episode 9770: Success
simulation episode 9771: Success
simulation episode 9772: Fail
simulation episode 9773: Fail
simulation episode 9774: Fail
simulation episode 9775: Fail
simulation episode 9776: Success
simulation episode 9777: Success
simulation episode 9778: Fail
simulation episode 9779: Success
simulation episode 9780: Fail
simulation episode 9781: Success
simulation episode 9782: Success
simulation episode 9783: Fail
simulation episode 9784: Fail
simulation episode 9785: Fail
simulation episode 9786: Success
simulation episode 9787: Fail
simulation episode 9788: Fail
simulation episode 9789: Success
simulation episode 9790: Fail
simulation episode 9791: Fail
simulation episode 9792: Fail
simulation episode 9793: Success
simulation episode 9794: Success
simulation episode 9795: Fail
simulation episode 9796: Fail
simulation episode 9797: Fail
simulation episode 9798: Success
simulation episode 9799: Fail
simulation episode 9800: Fail
simulation episode 9801: Success
simulation episode 9802: Fail
simulation episode 9803: Fail
simulation episode 9804: Fail
simulation episode 9805: Success
simulation episode 9806: Success
simulation episode 9807: Success
simulation episode 9808: Fail
simulation episode 9809: Success
simulation episode 9810: Fail
simulation episode 9811: Fail
simulation episode 9812: Fail
simulation episode 9813: Fail
simulation episode 9814: Success
simulation episode 9815: Fail
simulation episode 9816: Fail
simulation episode 9817: Fail
simulation episode 9818: Fail
simulation episode 9819: Fail
simulation episode 9820: Fail
simulation episode 9821: Fail
simulation episode 9822: Success
simulation episode 9823: Fail
simulation episode 9824: Success
simulation episode 9825: Fail
simulation episode 9826: Success
simulation episode 9827: Fail
simulation episode 9828: Success
simulation episode 9829: Fail
simulation episode 9830: Success
simulation episode 9831: Success
simulation episode 9832: Fail
simulation episode 9833: Success
simulation episode 9834: Fail
simulation episode 9835: Fail
simulation episode 9836: Success
simulation episode 9837: Success
simulation episode 9838: Fail
simulation episode 9839: Success
simulation episode 9840: Fail
simulation episode 9841: Success
simulation episode 9842: Fail
simulation episode 9843: Success
simulation episode 9844: Success
simulation episode 9845: Fail
simulation episode 9846: Fail
simulation episode 9847: Fail
simulation episode 9848: Success
simulation episode 9849: Fail
simulation episode 9850: Success
simulation episode 9851: Fail
simulation episode 9852: Success
simulation episode 9853: Fail
simulation episode 9854: Fail
simulation episode 9855: Fail
simulation episode 9856: Fail
simulation episode 9857: Fail
simulation episode 9858: Fail
simulation episode 9859: Success
simulation episode 9860: Fail
simulation episode 9861: Fail
simulation episode 9862: Success
simulation episode 9863: Success
simulation episode 9864: Fail
simulation episode 9865: Fail
simulation episode 9866: Success
simulation episode 9867: Success
simulation episode 9868: Fail
simulation episode 9869: Fail
simulation episode 9870: Fail
simulation episode 9871: Success
simulation episode 9872: Fail
simulation episode 9873: Success
simulation episode 9874: Fail
simulation episode 9875: Fail
simulation episode 9876: Fail
simulation episode 9877: Success
simulation episode 9878: Fail
simulation episode 9879: Success
simulation episode 9880: Fail
simulation episode 9881: Fail
simulation episode 9882: Fail
simulation episode 9883: Fail
simulation episode 9884: Fail
simulation episode 9885: Fail
simulation episode 9886: Fail
simulation episode 9887: Fail
simulation episode 9888: Fail
simulation episode 9889: Fail
simulation episode 9890: Fail
simulation episode 9891: Success
simulation episode 9892: Success
simulation episode 9893: Fail
simulation episode 9894: Success
simulation episode 9895: Fail
simulation episode 9896: Fail
simulation episode 9897: Fail
simulation episode 9898: Success
simulation episode 9899: Success
simulation episode 9900: Fail
simulation episode 9901: Fail
simulation episode 9902: Success
simulation episode 9903: Success
simulation episode 9904: Fail
simulation episode 9905: Success
simulation episode 9906: Fail
simulation episode 9907: Fail
simulation episode 9908: Fail
simulation episode 9909: Fail
simulation episode 9910: Success
simulation episode 9911: Success
simulation episode 9912: Success
simulation episode 9913: Success
simulation episode 9914: Fail
simulation episode 9915: Success
simulation episode 9916: Fail
simulation episode 9917: Fail
simulation episode 9918: Fail
simulation episode 9919: Fail
simulation episode 9920: Success
simulation episode 9921: Fail
simulation episode 9922: Fail
simulation episode 9923: Success
simulation episode 9924: Fail
simulation episode 9925: Fail
simulation episode 9926: Fail
simulation episode 9927: Success
simulation episode 9928: Fail
simulation episode 9929: Fail
simulation episode 9930: Success
simulation episode 9931: Fail
simulation episode 9932: Success
simulation episode 9933: Fail
simulation episode 9934: Success
simulation episode 9935: Fail
simulation episode 9936: Fail
simulation episode 9937: Fail
simulation episode 9938: Fail
simulation episode 9939: Success
simulation episode 9940: Fail
simulation episode 9941: Fail
simulation episode 9942: Fail
simulation episode 9943: Fail
simulation episode 9944: Success
simulation episode 9945: Success
simulation episode 9946: Success
simulation episode 9947: Success
simulation episode 9948: Success
simulation episode 9949: Success
simulation episode 9950: Fail
simulation episode 9951: Fail
simulation episode 9952: Fail
simulation episode 9953: Fail
simulation episode 9954: Fail
simulation episode 9955: Success
simulation episode 9956: Success
simulation episode 9957: Success
simulation episode 9958: Fail
simulation episode 9959: Fail
simulation episode 9960: Fail
simulation episode 9961: Success
simulation episode 9962: Fail
simulation episode 9963: Fail
simulation episode 9964: Fail
simulation episode 9965: Success
simulation episode 9966: Success
simulation episode 9967: Success
simulation episode 9968: Success
simulation episode 9969: Fail
simulation episode 9970: Fail
simulation episode 9971: Fail
simulation episode 9972: Fail
simulation episode 9973: Success
simulation episode 9974: Fail
simulation episode 9975: Fail
simulation episode 9976: Fail
simulation episode 9977: Success
simulation episode 9978: Fail
simulation episode 9979: Fail
simulation episode 9980: Success
simulation episode 9981: Fail
simulation episode 9982: Fail
simulation episode 9983: Fail
simulation episode 9984: Success
simulation episode 9985: Success
simulation episode 9986: Success
simulation episode 9987: Success
simulation episode 9988: Success
simulation episode 9989: Success
simulation episode 9990: Fail
simulation episode 9991: Fail
simulation episode 9992: Success
simulation episode 9993: Fail
simulation episode 9994: Fail
simulation episode 9995: Success
simulation episode 9996: Fail
simulation episode 9997: Success
simulation episode 9998: Fail
simulation episode 9999: Fail
simulation success rate 0.3448, ave reward -11.3999, ave turns 27.5518
Test time performance: success rate 0.34 , Avg reward: -11.40, Avg turns: 27.55
